 
 
The 
Disciplined Trader  
 
Developing Winning Attitudes  
 
 
Mark Douglas  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF FINANCE 
 
 
 
 
 
7700++  DDVVDD’’ss  FFOORR  SSAALLEE  &&  EEXXCCHHAANNGGEE  
  
 
wwwwww..ttrraaddeerrss--ssooffttwwaarree..ccoomm  
  
wwwwww..ffoorreexx--wwaarreezz..ccoomm  
  
wwwwww..ttrraaddiinngg--ssooffttwwaarree--ccoolllleeccttiioonn..ccoomm  
  
wwwwww..ttrraaddeessttaattiioonn--ddoowwnnllooaadd--ffrreeee..ccoomm  
  
  
 
CCoonnttaaccttss  
  
aannddrreeyybbbbrrvv@@ggmmaaiill..ccoomm  
aannddrreeyybbbbrrvv@@yyaannddeexx..rruu    
SSkkyyppee::  aannddrreeyybbbbrrvv 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data 
Douglas, Mark. 
The disciplined trader: developing winning attitudes / by Mark Douglas. 
p. cm. 
ISBN 0 13-215757-8 
1. Stockbrokers—Attitudes.    2. Stock-exchange.    I. Title. 
HG4621.D68    1990 
332.64—dc20       90-30237 
CIP 
This publication is designed to provide accurate and authoritative information in regard to the 
subject matter covered. It is sold with the understanding that the publisher is not engaged in 
rendering legal, accounting, or other professional service. If legal advice or other expert 
assistance is required, the services of a competent professional person should be sought 
From a Declaration of Principles Jointly Adopted 
by a Committee of the American Bar Association 
and a Committee of Publishers and Associations 
© 1990 by Mark Douglas 
All rights reserved No part of this book may 
be reproduced in any form or by any means without 
permission in writing from the publisher 
Printed in the United States of America 
10 9 8 
New York Institute of Finance 
A division of Simon & Schuster. Inc. 
2 Broadway 
New York. NY 10004-2207 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To Paula Webb for her love, understanding and being 
there throughout the process of writing this book. 
 
 4  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents  
 
Foreword 6 
Preface  8 
Acknowledgments 13  
Part I   Introduction  1 
1 Why I Wrote This Book  15  
2 Why a New Thinking Methodology?  24  
Part II   The Nature of the Trading Environment  
from a Psychological Perspective  37 
3 The Market Is Always Right  39  
4  There Is Unlimited Potential for Profit 
and Loss  41 
5  Prices Are in Perpetual Motion with No  
Defined Beginning or Ending  43  
6 The Market Is an Unstructured Environment  49 
7 In the Market Environment, Reasons 
Are Irrelevant  56  
8 The Three Stages to Becoming a Successful  
Trader  61 
Part III   Building a Framework for  
Understanding Ourselves  72  
9 Understanding the Nature of the Mental  
Environment  76 
 5  
 
10  How Memories, Associations, and Beliefs  
Manage Environmental Information  88  
11  Why We Need to Learn How to Adapt  105 
12  The Dynamics of Goal Achievement  119 
13  Managing Mental Energy  132 
14  Techniques for Effecting Change  141 
Part IV   How to Become a  
Disciplined Trader  151  
15  The Psychology of Price Movement  152 
16  The Steps to Success  166 
17  A Final Note  184 
Index  185 
 6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreword  
My unique position in the financial community has allowed me the rare 
opportunity to talk to and question thousands of traders, brokers, and trading 
advisors since 1979. I am not a broker or a letter writer. I am the chief executive 
officer of CompuTrac, a company that supplies technical analysis to stock and 
futures traders. I perceive my position as being neutral, one that allows people 
to open up and talk to me freely. I started trading for my own account in 1960 
and very quickly became aware of the underlying psychological blocks to good 
trading and money management. This realization has been confirmed by all who 
have counseled with me. 
As a result, I sincerely feel that success in trading is 80 percent psychological 
and 20 percent one's methodology, be it fundamental or technical. For example, 
you can have a mediocre knowledge of fundamental and technical information, 
and if you are in psychological control, you can make money. Conversely, you 
may have a great system, one that you have tested and has performed well for a 
long period of time, yet if the psychological control is not there, you will be the 
loser. 
A good trader knows from experience that over a period of time he may 
engage in more losing trades than winning ones. But money management, 
and a careful assay of the risks protected by realistic stops, will keep the 
trader out of trouble and ensure that on the "big" moves, he will profit. 
Money management is composed of two essential elements: psychological 
management and risk management. Risk management stems from the 
psychological factors being truly understood by the trader and "in place" 
before risk is even considered. 
 7 
I would especially caution new traders and market participants that 
reading and passively analyzing your motivations are certainly a necessity, 
but the acid test comes with active trading under pressure. Start slowly. 
Question every trade. What motivated it? How was the trade managed? Was 
it successful? Why? Did you lose? Why? Write down your assessment and 
refer to your comments before making your next trade. 
At all major CompuTrac seminars I try to have a workshop leader address 
the attendees on the psychological aspects of trading. The grim reaper who 
kills off "your equity" and disappears with your profits is not the 
mysterious and ubiquitous "they" but a simple misguided "you." Medea 
said just before she murdered her children, "I know what evil I'm about to 
do, but my irrational self is stronger than my resolution." If this sentiment 
reflects your mind set when you trade, then The Disciplined Trader is 
definitely the type of book you should be reading. 
What a pleasure to read this book. My own education cost me a lot "the 
hard way." I can read myself into the pages - that's me, that's me! Mark 
has carefully fashioned his book into a comprehensive logical dialogue. It 
reads as if you are at his side and he is explaining it as a friend, which I 
know you will enjoy. You are fortunate because you are taking the time 
now, before you have made a serious mistake, I hope, to learn about 
yourself and to study your craft. The traders who take the time to reflect and 
practice will survive and possibly prosper. 
 
TIMOTHY SLATER  
President 
CompuTrac Software, Inc. 
 8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Preface  
The Disciplined Trader is a comprehensive guide to understanding the 
psychology of self-discipline and personal transformation needed to become 
a successful stock or futures trader. This book will serve as a step-by-step 
guide to adapting successfully to the unusual psychological characteristics of 
the trading world. 
I say "adapting" because most people venturing into the trading 
environment don't recognize it as being vastly different from the cultural 
environment in which they were brought up. Not recognizing these 
differences, they would have no way of knowing that many of the beliefs 
they acquired to enable them to function effectively in society will act as 
psychological barriers in the trading environment, making their success as 
traders extremely difficult to achieve. Reaching the level of success they 
desire as traders will require them to make at least some, if not many, 
changes in the ways they perceive market action. 
Unlike other social environments, the trading arena has many 
characteristics requiring a very high degree of self-control and self-trust 
from the trader who intends to function successfully within it. However, 
many of us lack this self-control because as children we learned to function 
in a structured environment where our behavior was controlled by someone 
more powerful than ourselves, whose purpose was to manipulate our behavior 
to conform to society's expectations. 
Thus, we were forced by external forces to behave in certain ways through 
a system of rewards and punishments. As a reward, we would be given the 
freedom to express ourselves in some desired manner. As a punishment, we 
 9 
would either be prevented from getting what we wanted, causing emotional 
pain, or we were inflicted with various forms of corporal punishment, 
causing physical pain. As a result, the only form of behavior control that we 
typically learned for ourselves was based on the threat of pain - either 
emotional or physical - from someone or something we perceived as having 
more power than ourselves. And since we were forced to relinquish our 
personal power to other people, we naturally developed many of our 
traditional resources for success (the particular ways in which we learned to 
get what we want) from the same mental framework. Accordingly, we 
learned that acquiring power to manipulate and force changes upon things 
outside of us was the only way to get what we wanted. 
One thing you will learn as a trader is that the mental resources you use 
to get what you want in your everyday life will not work in the trading 
environment. The power and control that are necessary to manipulate the 
markets (make them do what you want them to do) are beyond all but a 
handful of individuals. And the external constraints that exist in society to 
control your behavior don't exist in the market environment. The markets 
have absolutely no power or control over you, no expectation of your 
behavior, and no regard for your welfare. 
If, in fact, you can't control or manipulate the markets and the markets 
have absolutely no power or control over you, then the responsibility for 
what you perceive and for your resulting behavior resides only in you. The 
one thing you can control is yourself. As a trader, you have the power 
either to give yourself money or to give your money to other traders. And 
the ways in which you choose to do this will be determined by a number of 
psychological factors that have little or nothing to do with the markets. 
And this will be so until you acquire some new skills and also learn how to 
adapt yourself to suit conditions as they exist in the market environment. 
To operate successfully in this environment you will need to learn how to 
control yourself in ways that may be completely alien to you. 
You will also have to learn how to grant yourself the mental freedom to 
shift your perspective to notice alternative possibilities to getting what you 
want in the trading arena, regardless of your expectations of how you are 
going to get it. There are only a few traders who have come to the 
realization that they alone are completely responsible for the outcome of 
their actions. Even fewer are those who have accepted the psychological 
implications of that realization and know what to do about it. 
Rarely do any of us grow up learning how to operate in an arena that 
allows for complete freedom of creative expression, with no external 
structure to restrict it in any way. In the trading environment, you will 
have to make up your own rules and then have the discipline to abide by 
them. The problem is, price movement is fluid, always in motion, quite 
unlike the highly structured events that most of us are accustomed to. In 
the market environment, the decisions that confront you are as endless as 
the price movements you intend to take advantage of. You don't just have 
 10  
to decide to participate, you also have to decide when to enter, how long to 
stay in, and under what conditions to get out. There is no beginning, 
middle, or end - only what you create in your own mind. 
In addition to the negative psychological implications that accompany 
these decisions, you must be aware that even if you make the minimum 
financial commitment of one contract per trade (as in the futures market), 
there is an unlimited potential for profit as well as an unlimited potential 
for loss. From a psychological perspective, this means that each trade has 
the possibility of fulfilling your wildest dreams of financial independence, 
and simultaneously presents you with the risk of losing everything you 
own. The constantly changing price movement makes it extremely easy for 
you to ignore the risk and tempt yourself into believing you don't have to 
follow your own rules, this time. 
Here is an environment that offers complete freedom of expression 
combined with unlimited possibilities and unlimited risk. If you place in it a 
participant who is oblivious to these psychological conditions (one who 
operates from a mental framework oriented toward external structure, 
constraints, and expectations), then what you have is a formula for 
emotional and financial disaster. 
This grim scenario certainly explains why so few people ever make 
money as traders. Actually, almost all of those who make an attempt at 
trading completely underestimate the difficulty and consequently 
overestimate their ability to fulfill their inflated expectations. Therefore, 
most, if not all, people who trade inflict some degree of psychological 
damage upon themselves. I am defining "psychological damage" as any 
mental framework that has potential for generating fear. 
Fear results from any belief about environmental conditions that has the 
potential to cause either physical or emotional pain such as stress, anxiety, 
confusion, disappointment, or betrayal. Painful emotional conditions are 
basically the result of unfulfilled expectations. Unfulfilled expectations 
create a conflict between a person's beliefs about the way things should be 
and the actual environmental conditions that don't match those beliefs. 
This conflict is expressed through our emotions in the form of pain that we 
generally label as stress, anxiety, confusion, and so on. 
People seem to avoid pain instinctively by building up mental defenses 
against the intrusion of environmental information that would confirm the 
existence of any conflict. These defenses consist of denials, rationalizations, 
and justifications - all of which will result in perceptual distortion. 
"Perceptual distortion" occurs when our mental system automatically 
distorts environmental information by shaping and selectively excluding 
certain information to compensate for the conflict between what we expect 
and what the environment is offering us. This will be done in such a way that 
we will believe a shared reality exists between ourselves and the outside 
environment, thus avoiding any pain. I am defining a "shared reality" as a 
correspondence between one's beliefs about the environment and the 
 11  
actual environmental conditions that exist. 
If you are distorting market information, you are not sharing a reality 
with the markets, and you are also indulging yourself in an illusion, to the 
extent that you hide from the possibility of disappointment. At this point, 
you would be setting yourself up for what could be called a "forced 
awareness." Obviously, if the markets are doing something other than what 
you are allowing yourself to perceive (because some, if not most, of the 
information the markets have to offer won't validate what you want or 
hope), then something has to give. These distortions will continue until 
there is such a disparity between your acquired mindset and the conflicting 
market information that the mental defenses (illusions) will break down. 
This usually creates a state of shock, where you may wonder how things 
could get so bad so quickly. 
In such a situation, the market forces you to confront your illusions of a 
shared reality, creating a painful forced awareness. At some point in your 
trading career you will need to understand how all of us, because of our 
common upbringing, try to control market events through our perception of 
what we think will happen next and then rigidly hold on to these 
expectations. This is where you need to learn how to gain the kind of mental 
flexibility that allows you to shift your perspective to be aware of other 
alternatives and possibilities. You may not be able to control the markets, 
but you can control your perception of them in order to achieve a higher 
degree of objectivity, resulting in a higher degree of shared reality with the 
markets. 
As painful as these forced awarenesses may be, they are not likely to 
deter you from being attracted to the opportunities the markets have to 
offer. However, the cumulative psychological effect on you will be very 
negative. If you have suffered through several forced awarenesses, your 
perception of market activity will eventually become heavily weighted 
towards avoiding pain instead of seeking opportunity. Your fear of losing 
money, being wrong, or missing an opportunity will become your primary 
motivation to act or not act. 
Now, there are several major problems that result when fear becomes a 
motivation to do or not do something. First, it will limit your range of 
perceived opportunities by narrowing your focus of attention, keeping it on 
the object of your fear. This means that out of all available market 
information, you will only perceive information that will, in effect, validate 
what you fear the most. Your fear will systematically exclude from your 
awareness market information that would indicate the existence of other 
alternatives and opportunities. 
As you begin to understand the negative relationship between fear and 
perception, you might be surprised to learn that in your attempts to avoid 
losses, you actually create them. Fear will also limit your range of responses 
to any given situation. Many traders suffer considerably when they know 
exactly what they want to do but, when the moment to execute arrives, find 
 12  
themselves completely immobilized. 
Before anyone can become successful in an environment with the 
unstructured character of the trading environment, one needs to develop a 
supreme sense of self-confidence and self-trust. I am defining self-
confidence as an absence of fear and self-trust: knowing what to do at the 
moment it needs to be done, and then doing it without hesitation. Any 
hesitation will only create self-doubt and fear. To whatever degree self-
doubt exists as a state of mind, to that same degree you will feel fear, 
anxiety, and confusion. 
The negative experiences that result from trading in a state of fear, anxiety, 
and confusion, will create or add to an already-existing belief of inadequacy 
and powerlessness. Regardless of how hard any of us may try to hide from 
others what is going on, we obviously can't hide our results from ourselves 
If the market's behavior seems mysterious to you, it's because your own 
behavior is mysterious and unmanageable. You can't really determine what 
the market is likely to do next when you don't even know what you will 
do next, regardless of what you may perceive or want. 
The few successful traders who have, in some way, transcended these 
psychological obstacles have been generous with their one-line gems of 
trading wisdom: "Learn to take a loss," "Go with the flow," "The trend is 
your friend," "Cut your losses and let your profits run," "To know the 
markets you need to know yourself," and on and on. The Disciplined 
Trader fully explores, breaks down, and then organizes the psychological 
components of this advice into a step-by-step learning process, a process 
that takes you through the various stages necessary to orient yourself 
successfully to the trading environment. This book will explain to you what 
skills are necessary, why you need to understand them, and most 
important, how to go about learning them. 
This book is organized in four sections. The first consists of the first two 
chapters and serves as an introduction. The second consists of Chapters 3 
through 8 and defines the problems or challenges of becoming a successful 
trader. The third section consists of six chapters that will give you the basic 
insight you will need to identify what has to be changed in your mental 
environment and what you can do to change it. The fourth section consists 
of Chapters 15 and 16 which put everything together into a unified 
framework to develop specific trading skills. You will learn how to observe 
market action from an objective perspective, determine where you need to 
limit yourself, and establish the steps you will need to take to expand 
those limitations in a productive and psychologically healthy way. 
 13  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Acknowledgments 
Most people are probably well aware that writing a book is a very difficult 
task, one that often requires the help and support of a number of people in 
the author's life. There are a number of people I want to acknowledge as 
being instrumental in helping me make this book a reality including my 
parents, John and Helen Yosin; my brothers and sister - Craig, Dean, and 
Sandy Yosin - for all their love and support; Brad Johnson, my partner in 
Trading Behavior Dynamics, for all of his patience and kindness; Jim 
Sutton, Bonnie Marlowe, Jake Bernstein, Elizabeth McKinsey, Michael 
Headley, Steve Sukenik, and Jack Carl for helping me get started; all of the 
traders that I have worked with over the last six years, especially Jim 
Griswold, Jerry Stahlnecker, Jack Brassuel, Steve Bianucci, Mike Gamble, and 
Chuck Pettet for their friendship and support; Tim Slater for giving me the 
opportunity to express myself as a speaker and a writer; Rich Miller for his 
support and being a good friend; Lori and Nikki Marlowe for the happiness 
they brought into my life; and most of all, my friend and fellow author Kurt 
Leland for everything he has taught me and for showing me the way. 
 14  
 
 
 
 
 
PART  I 
Introduction  
 15  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 1 
Why I Wrote This Book  
Since I started working on this book - in the summer of 1982 - nearly 
every dimension of futures trading has exploded in growth. There are brand 
new exchanges, new contracts, more advisory and news services, an 
increasing variety of books and publications, and ever more sophisticated 
technical trading systems, most all of them with computer applications to 
make it easy to track the markets. However, even with this tremendous 
growth in services related to trading, one inescapable fact remains: there is 
still a very small group of sophisticated traders who take the greatest 
percentage of profits out of the markets, making well over 90 percent of all 
the other traders net losers year-in and year-out. 
In futures trading for every dollar of profit gained by one trader, there has 
to be an equivalent dollar lost by another trader. If a few traders are 
consistently making money on a grand scale, then their profits have to be 
coming directly out of the pockets of the thousands of other traders who 
very faithfully contribute to their daily winnings. Some of these very 
successful traders are public figures, but most are only known in the 
Chicago or New York areas. Needless to say, everyone wants to know what 
they do and how they do it. 
There must be a difference between these two groups of traders - the 
small minority of winners and the vast majority of losers who want to 
know what the winners know. The difference is that the traders who can 
make money consistently on a weekly, monthly, and yearly basis approach 
trading from the perspective of a mental discipline. When asked for their 
secrets of success, they categorically state that they didn't achieve any 
 16  
measure of consistency in accumulating wealth from trading until they 
learned self-discipline, emotional control, and the ability to change their 
minds to flow with the markets. 
First, I want to point out that self-discipline, emotional control, and 
learning to change one's mind after making a commitment are all 
psychological issues that have nothing to do with news services, advisory 
services, new exchanges, or technical or fundamental trading systems - 
computerized or not. 
Second, from my trading experiences, observations, and research, I have 
discovered that all traders - both winners and losers - seem to share some 
very common experiences. Either in the beginning or at some point early in 
their trading career, all traders experience confusion, frustration, anxiety, 
and the pain of failure. The few-traders who pass through this phase to 
accumulate wealth are those who eventually confront and work through 
some very difficult psychological issues about what it means to be a trader, 
and this process of realization and change normally takes several years, even 
for the best of them. 
If self-discipline and emotional control are the keys to success, they are 
also not necessarily traits any of us are born with. On the contrary, they are 
characteristics we acquire by learning certain mental skills. Acquiring these 
mental skills is often the result of a trial-and-error learning process that can 
be very costly financially and usually filled with emotional pain and 
suffering. The biggest problem with a trial and error approach in trading is 
that most people lose all their money before they get through the process. 
And other traders who have enough money to keep on trading never fully 
recover from the effects of the psychological trauma they have inflicted on 
themselves to ever learn how to trade successfully on a consistent basis. 
This leaves only a relatively small number of people who make it. 
All the great traders, both past and present, have found it very difficult 
to explain what it is they do, how they do it, and more important, the 
progression of steps they took to get where they got. Many would gladly 
share with others what they know about the market and its behavior but not 
necessarily about their behavior as individuals. They would, however, 
often caution those who sought their wisdom to understand that all the 
market knowledge in the world won't do them any good until they learned 
what can be called self-discipline and emotional control, without necessarily 
being able to explain what they were. 
For instance, "Cut your losses short" is great advice that is often given as 
an axiom of trading wisdom. But how do you explain to someone the steps 
needed to learn how to do that? Especially when he is interacting with an 
environment that is in perpetual motion and will always offer him the 
possibility that the market can come back and make him whole, if he is in a 
losing trade. If you take into consideration that his money and self-esteem 
are at stake and the market coming back is always a viable possibility, 
regardless of how remote it may be, then you can see how difficult it is to 
 17  
explain why he needs to "cut his losses." It is even more difficult to explain 
how he can do it in a way that suits his unique psychological makeup. 
The easiest way to explain how to apply this type of wisdom, without 
actually explaining it at all, is to say, "Well, if you want to be a successful 
trader, you need to learn self-discipline and emotional control." I don't 
believe this type of vague advice was intentional, however, for principally 
two reasons. First, self-discipline and emotional control are abstract 
concepts that are not easily explained or understood. We all hear or read the 
words a lot, but ask anyone you know to define either of these concepts, 
and you'll probably get a blank stare. 
Second, today's successful traders started out their journey without maps, 
signposts, or guidelines or the benefit of knowing exactly where they had to 
end up, from a psychological perspective, to accumulate their fortune. 
They had to explore the trading world through a means of self-reflection 
and readjustment that was very demanding and time consuming. One could 
say they more or less stumbled through it learning from each mistake, 
many small and others that were devastating both financially and 
emotionally. 
At some point, they probably realized that something about themselves 
had changed because the normal kind of market activity that once had a 
very negative emotional impact on them, like anger, stress, anxiety, and 
fear, just didn't have that same effect any longer. They must have gained 
some measure of confidence in themselves to respond appropriately to all 
possible market conditions because there is a direct correlation between a 
person's level of confidence and the negative emotions mentioned. 
Confidence and fear are states of mind that are similar in nature, only 
separated by degree. As a person's level of confidence increases, his or her 
degree of confusion, anxiety, and fear dissipates proportionately. 
This confidence would naturally develop as people learned to trust 
themselves to do whatever needed to be done, without hesitation. As a 
result of this kind of self-trust, they would no longer need to fear the 
seemingly unpredictable and erratic behavior of the markets. However, the 
main point I am making here is that the process of change that took place 
was in the mental environment and psychological makeup of each 
individual trader; the markets didn't change, the tools that were used didn't 
change, the trader did. 
Now, when traders go through a transition in their personal development 
and learn a new skill on a trial-and-error basis, it is unlikely that they 
would keep a detailed record of the steps to that learning process, especially 
if that process was characterized by pain, anxiety, and frustration. Obviously, 
if someone doesn't know exactly how they acquired the skills they now have, 
then, naturally, it would be extremely difficult for them to explain to 
someone else how they got them. 
Besides, when it comes to trading, once someone is making the kind of 
money he had always dreamed of, there isn't much incentive to spend the 
 18  
time and energy necessary to break down these abstract skills into an 
effective learning process from which others can derive some benefit. 
Developing educational programs to explain how to become a successful 
trader requires a completely different set of skills from the skills necessary 
to be a trader. As will be explained in a moment, the learning process and the 
kind of personal transformation that was necessary to enable me to write 
this book was distinctly different from the kind of learning process I 
experienced as a trader to realize why a book like this needed to be 
written. One learning process was chosen and the other was forced. 
What I mean by forced is, I had to lose my house, my car, and 
practically everything else I owned to learn some of the ways in which I 
needed to change my perspective to operate in the trading environment 
effectively. Losing all my possessions was a complete life-altering 
experience, an experience that taught me a lot about the nature of fear and 
the debilitating effects it has on a person's ability to trade effectively. 
The kind of insight I gained as a result of this experience is the type of 
learning process I call a forced awareness. This is where the nature and 
characteristics of the environment I was operating in were much different 
from what I believed they were, first out of ignorance, and because I put up 
mental defenses to block my perception of certain information. Eventually I 
was forced by the markets to acknowledge many things about myself that I 
otherwise wouldn't consider. When all the external symbols that represented 
a major part of my identity were gone, I didn't have any other choice and 
was forced to perceive myself in new and different ways. 
These events occurred in March 1982. At the time, I was an account 
executive with Merrill Lynch Commodities at its Chicago Board of Trade 
office. Less than a year before, in June 1981, I moved from the suburbs of 
Detroit where I was enjoying, at least financially, a very successful career in 
commercial property and casualty insurance. I left Michigan and success to 
move to Chicago and be a trader. I went to work for Merrill Lynch 
because I didn't have enough money to buy a seat at the Board of Trade or 
the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and didn't know that you could lease 
seats at that time. 
I had an expensive apartment on the gold coast of Chicago and a Porsche; 
I was maintaining a house in an affluent suburb of Detroit that my 
girlfriend and her two daughters were living in; and I was driving or flying 
back and forth between the two cities almost every weekend to visit them. I 
was under extreme financial pressure to succeed because my life-style 
expenditures were far and away in excess of what I could afford. Unless I 
made it big as a trader, it would be very hard to reconcile some of the 
decisions I made to put myself in that kind of a situation. 
By the time I moved to Chicago I had already been trading for over two 
years. Twice, before moving, I lost all my trading capital. Of course, I would 
quickly save up and start again. My brief periods of success and few 
winning trades were enough to justify that I continue trying. Once I was 
 19  
very close to making over a quarter of a million dollars on a trade, but I 
pulled out of it just before the big move. This devastated me, but I also 
became completely hooked on trading and even more determined to be 
successful. From that experience I decided to buy all the books I could get 
and attend all the seminars I could afford. 
Something stated in virtually all the books I read was that it is very 
difficult to learn how to trade or sustain any success if one is under a great 
deal of financial pressure—meaning don't expect to become a successful 
trader if you have limited trading capital or if you are trading with money 
you can't afford to lose. I was obviously violating both these rules because I 
had very little trading capital relative to my life-style that I absolutely could 
not afford to lose. Also I had a lot of other evidence that the odds were not 
exactly in my favor. 
I came to Chicago because I believed that if I could get close to the action 
and meet people who knew how to trade, I could then learn from them. I 
was in for a very rude awakening. I was at Merrill Lynch Commodities, its 
second largest commodity office, with 38 account executives. At first I was 
shocked to find out only one of the account executives had any experience 
trading his own money. Then I was further shocked to learn that none of 
these account executives had any customers who were making any money. 
In fact, the typical customer lost his original stake within an average of four 
months. 
My next major disappointment came when I began to meet and make 
friends with as many floor traders as possible, believing that if the guys up 
in the offices don't know how to make money, the floor traders certainly 
must. Again, I found the same conditions that existed up in the offices. 
Other than a handful of floor traders who had a reputation and a mystique 
that everyone seemed to be in awe of, I couldn't find one person who was 
making money consistently, who wasn't confused or knew what he wanted 
to do and then did it, without first having to ask everyone around him for 
confirmation that he was doing the right thing. I am not implying that I 
didn't meet traders who at some point in the day hadn't made money. They 
just couldn't keep it. I knew many traders who could make $2,000 or 
$3,000 the first couple of hours of trading. But they would always lose it 
back, plus more, a short time afterward. 
Everybody seemed to be suffering from the same kinds of problems and 
mistakes that nobody really recognized as problems. Obviously, the nature of 
the markets made it easy not to have to confront anything that otherwise 
might be perceived as a problem because the next trade always had the 
possibility of making everything else in one's life seem irrelevant. Why 
deal with anything if the next trade can make you rich? All the traders I 
knew, including myself, were affected by this type of "big-trade" mentality. 
In fact, my big-trade mentality was so pervasive that I would refuse to take 
profits of $500 or $750 in many trades even when I knew that's all there 
was to be made. This may sound absurd, but I wouldn't take profits of such 
 20  
small amounts, because, at that time, it felt as if the market was insulting 
me by offering such paltry sums compared to what I needed or expected. 
As my financial problems grew, so did my desperation. And I certainly 
wasn't comforted by anything I saw going on around me. But I still held on 
to the belief that I could trade out of these difficulties. That is until March 
1982; by then it was all over. A mere eight months after moving to Chicago 
to pursue my dreams of financial independence, I had nothing left except 
my job, apartment, clothes, a television, and a bed. 
Practically overnight, almost all the symbols that validated my identity 
were gone. What I mean is, a big part of my self-concept was made up of my 
possessions like my house, my car, and especially my credit. Maintaining 
flawless credit was something I had always been proud of. Now I found 
myself without any of these things. As I've already pointed out, it's not as 
if there hadn't been plenty of evidence to suggest the possibility of this 
happening, because there had been. But there was a part of me that 
wouldn't allow a direct confrontation with this evidence or the implications. 
It was just too easy to make excuses for all the things going on around me 
that didn't add up. 
Refusing to confront or consider the implications of all the conflicting 
information created a great deal of stress. And to compound the situation, I 
had this intense fear that I would lose everything. But again, I did 
everything possible to hide this fear and put it somewhere in my mind 
where I couldn't feel it. Yet, there must have been a part of me that sensed 
my impending fall. Why else would I have been so consumed with fear? 
But how could I face any of this when I had no way of reconciling the 
imbalance that losing all of these things would create? What I mean is the 
imbalance between what I believed about myself and the things that 
validated these beliefs. Who would I be after all these things were gone? 
Well it didn't take me very long to find out. As my financial condition 
deteriorated to critical levels, my mental defenses also began to break 
down. I eventually accepted the inevitability of doing what I believed was 
the ultimate act of failure and filed for bankruptcy. 
There were a lot of things that changed inside of me as a result of this 
experience. And like any one else forced to deal with major changes in his 
or her life, I learned a lot about myself. The first thing that happened, which 
was quite surprising, was that the stress dissipated. Actually I was 
overcome with a great sense of relief with nothing to anticipate, dread, or try 
so desperately to defend against. I was living through my worst fear and 
found there really wasn't anything about the situation that I couldn't deal 
with. It wasn't nearly as bad in reality as I imagined it would be. I was still 
alive and healthy, I was able to think and function, and I started to appreciate 
my ability to think as my greatest asset. 
This sense of appreciation began to grow into a deeper level of 
understanding about the basic nature of my identity. For the most part, I 
grew up believing that who I was consisted of the things that I owned. The 
 21  
more possessions I owned, the more of a person it made me. What I began 
to realize is that I was more than the things I had accumulated. When the 
facade was stripped away, it allowed me to sense this deeper dimension 
that, up to this point, I had only the slightest inkling of These new 
awarenesses, in turn, helped me understand how being wrong and losing 
something didn't in any way diminish me as a person. I was beginning to 
learn that there was a certain freedom in granting myself permission to be 
wrong and maybe there was no such thing as a failure, unless something 
positive and useful isn't learned from the experience. 
However, I didn't relate these personal experiences because I thought 
they were particularly unusual, except for one. Everyone knows there are 
many traders who lose everything they own, and even though some of 
them will come to the same kind of awarenesses about themselves, they 
wouldn't necessarily be able to do it as a trader, considering the financial 
requirements. I, too, was not in a financial position to keep on trading, 
except that I still had my job at Merrill Lynch. In fact, for me it was 
business as usual, as if nothing at all had happened. I certainly wasn't 
about to announce to my customers or anyone in the office that I had 
just filed for bankruptcy. My job as an account executive was one of the 
few things I had left, and as far as I was concerned, it depended on me 
being a good trader. 
This is the one key difference for me that ultimately lead to the creation 
of this book. I was fortunate enough to be able to keep on trading (although 
not with my own money) while these major psychological changes were 
taking place, putting me in a unique position to examine and study the 
various ways in which the condition of my inner psychological 
environment affected what I experienced in the outer physical environment. 
This relationship between inner and outer isn't always that apparent but in 
this situation it was inescapable. I learned that the markets offer the trader 
an opportunity to profit from price movement, and these opportunities are 
basically in perpetual motion. It is an environment where the individual 
has the freedom to create his own results, unimpeded by many of the 
constraints that exist in everyday social life. These never ending 
opportunities make the market a perfect mirror of the trader's attitude. 
What the trader sees in that movement and what he can do about it the 
markets have no control over. All the choices and all the power to turn 
these choices into experience reside in the mind of each trader. 
For example, if I perceived the market as a threat, afraid of what it might 
take away from me, it wasn't because the outside conditions were actually 
threatening me in some way. It became very apparent to me that my fear was 
a result of my inability to anticipate events or act in a way that most 
appropriately served my best interests. It was only the lack of trust I had in 
myself to do what needed to be done that I was really afraid of. 
Furthermore, I discovered that my mental framework was structured to 
avoid losses at all costs and in my desperate attempts to do so, I actually 
 22  
created them. You can think of it this way: none of us has the mental 
capacity to be aware of everything going on in the environment at once. 
The environmental information we focus our attention on, out of all that 
exists, will be the information that has the most importance to us. As we 
allocate more and more of our attention to certain kinds of information, 
because of its importance, we are at the same time systematically excluding 
other types of information from our awareness. I created my losses instead 
of avoiding them simply because I was trying to avoid them.  
Instead of being positively focused on market information that would 
indicate the potential for opportunity, I was more concerned with 
information that validated what I feared the most. As a result, a great deal of 
market information pertaining to other possibilities and opportunities that 
existed in any given moment completely escaped my attention, passing me 
by. The only way I could have perceived these opportunities (other than 
after the fact) would have been to let go of whatever was causing me to 
divert my attention away from what was happening in the market "now." 
I had no way of knowing what I was missing out on until my beliefs 
about the significance of losses and being wrong started changing. Once 
this shift in perspective occurred, I started to notice behavior characteristics 
of the market and relationships between those characteristics that I was 
otherwise totally oblivious to. 
At some point, I realized that because I had already lost everything, I 
really didn't have anything to fear, and, as a result, I inadvertently learned 
one of the most important lessons to becoming a successful trader: how to 
"accept" a loss without any negative consequences. No guilt, anger, shame, 
or self-punishment. 
As my fear of losing dissipated, I was seeing and experiencing a different 
market because I was different. It was as if someone had removed blinders, 
which I didn't know existed, from my eyes. Up till then, my trading had 
always been affected by my fears. I didn't have the slightest notion of what 
it would be like to trade without fear or that doing it was even a possibility 
and least of all, that it was, in fact, necessary to be successful. 
What also became very apparent to me was the extent to which all of 
my fears had effectively blocked me from understanding why it was so 
absolutely necessary to have some clearly defined trading and money 
management rules that must be followed. It was all starting to make sense. 
The more I followed my rules the more I trusted myself. The more I 
trusted myself the more I could focus my attention on subtle relationships 
in the market's behavior to learn new things about the market helping me 
become a better trader. Eventually I could gauge the positive effects these 
new attitudes had on my ability to shift my perspective and flow with the 
markets. The less I cared about whether or not I was wrong, the clearer 
things became, making it much easier to move in and out of positions, 
cutting my losses short to make myself mentally available to take the next 
opportunity. 
 23  
By June 1982 I was starting to make consistent money for my customers 
who relied on me for their trades. Not a lot of money by most trader's 
standards, but steady. I was having winning days that were turning into 
winning weeks and months. Then sometime in August 1982 I thought of 
writing a book or at the very least developing a seminar to explain to other 
traders what I had discovered for myself. 
In the area of education there was a definite void in the market. There 
really wasn't any material that addressed trading psychology at a deep 
enough level of insight to effectively help someone understand why success 
was so elusive. I wrote this book to address what I believe is a critical need 
for people who want to trade the futures of stock markets to have an 
organized, systematic, step-by-step approach to learn the mental skills 
necessary to accumulate wealth as a trader. The secret to this approach is 
learning a new thinking methodology. 
 24  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER  2 
Why a New Thinking  
Methodology? 
It is my intention in this chapter to demonstrate clearly how a typical social 
upbringing that instills in the individual certain values and beliefs that make up a 
thought methodology used for being successful is not practical or functional and 
is inconsistent with the methods necessary to be successful in the trading 
environment. Someone attempting to operate in the trading environment in all 
the familiar ways that would assure getting what they want will likely find 
themselves in a constant state of frustration, anxiety, and fear, wondering what is 
wrong or thinking something must be wrong with them. 
The irony is, of course, that, on the surface, trading looks so simple, when in 
fact most people will find it to be the most difficult endeavor they ever undertake. 
Success will always seem so close, and yet always so elusive. And this frustration 
will continue until the trader adapts to the conditions that exist in the trading 
environment by learning a new thinking methodology, one that works most 
effectively in that environment and not what he thinks will work based on his 
cultural and social upbringing.  
Perhaps many of you reading this book have heard about a seminar being 
offered where you can learn how to walk barefoot over a 20-foot bed of red-
hot coals. The people who developed the method to make it possible did so 
on the assumption that the achievements of people who do things very well 
and excel beyond what other members of the same culture of society would 
consider possible do so as the result of a specific way they think—a 
methodology in which their beliefs are in some way different from everyone 
else's. This methodology can be broken down into a system that can be 
 25  
learned and subsequently taught to others. The only difference between 
those who excel and those of mediocre achievement is that one group has 
learned a thinking methodology that has not occurred to the other. 
With this hypothesis, it is my understanding that the people who 
developed the program went to the South Pacific and sought out those 
who demonstrated an ability to walk over hot coals with their bare feet—
without any physical damage whatsoever. Upon finding a few of these South 
Pacific "fire-walkers," the program developers proceeded to analyze their 
beliefs and attitudes so as to arrive at a thinking methodology they could 
teach in the United States. 
I'm sure I don't have to point out the physical and emotional 
implications of attempting to walk over a red-hot bed of coals with your 
bare feet. The fear generated over just the thought of doing it would 
normally be overwhelming. The potential physical damage to your feet—
with the possibility of being crippled for the rest of your life—is quite real. 
And yet, as presented by several news organizations, both television and 
print, people from all walks of life involved in the seminar accomplished 
what we would universally agree to be a tremendous feat. They overcame 
their fear and walked 20 feet over a bed of hot coals. 
Now, I'm not going to have you fire-walking the futures pit, but habits of 
thought die hard. And to make way for the new thinking methodology I 
offer as a means of excelling as a trader, you will have to question some of 
your beliefs and probe deeply rooted concepts of what is possible. 
Sometimes only a thorough mental "house cleaning" can help you throw 
away failure to make room for success. And exposing yourself to 
information that may cause you to ask yourself "what if it were true" is the 
first step to any mental cleansing process. 
For many reasons, which will be explored in greater depth in Part II, it 
rarely, if ever, occurs to the beginning trader that the markets confront him 
with an environment that is categorically different from anything he is 
accustomed to or trained to deal with effectively by society. For example, 
the markets can be looked at as a never-ending event, always changing, 
virtually without structure, in perpetual motion, with an unlimited potential 
for profit as well as loss in every trade. 
The psychological impact on the individual interacting with such an 
environment is formidable—especially when you consider the many ways 
in which all of us typically go about structuring our lives with highly defined 
boundaries, limits, and rules, so things stay basically the same. For most 
people, a static environment is a fundamental component of their sense of 
security and well-being. 
Not only can the markets destroy a person's sense of security by forcing 
the trader to confront, on a moment-to-moment basis, his lack of 
acceptance of change, but they also produce an emotional environment of 
considerable competitiveness and stress. There's the compulsive need to win 
millions, with the simultaneous fear of financial devastation. The markets 
 26  
tease a trader with the very real possibility of fulfilling his grandest dreams 
of financial independence and at the same time stand ready and willing to 
take away everything he owns—and more. 
Furthermore, the principles of time, effort, and reward associated with 
most job situations simply do not apply with the markets. For example, 
many jobs offer an unchanging reward, regardless of effort, because of 
hourly wages or yearly salaries. For a trader, effort can be irrelevant, and 
there is virtually no relationship between time and reward. A trader can be 
stunned with a windfall profit in a matter of seconds for making one simple 
decision and the only energy expended was mental. 
Initially, you may think what could be wrong with making a lot of money 
in minutes or seconds. A lot! Whether you're aware of it or not, most if not 
all of us grow up with highly structured belief systems about the 
conditions under which we deserve to receive money. In fact, many people 
because of their childhood conditioning and religious training believe they 
don't deserve any money they didn't work for. 
Certainly, making a lot of money in a very short period of time with no 
effort expended does not fall within the definition most people have about 
working for their money. So how does someone reconcile windfall profits 
against these structured work beliefs, especially when they're probably not 
even aware of them or would not take them into consideration if they were? 
This kind of mental conflict usually gets reconciled by the trader finding 
some clever, ingenious, or mundane way of giving his money back to the 
markets. 
Not adjusting to the differences between the cultural and trading 
environments or just being unaware that differences exist can certainly 
account for many of the trading errors committed by the majority of 
traders. Yet, a thinking methodology can not only redefine the market's 
behavior in understandable terms to avert such mistakes, it can also 
manage most, if not all, typical undisciplined, emotional reactions to that 
behavior. 
CULTURALLY LEARNED BEHAVIOR 
THAT RESULTS IN AN UNSUCCESSFUL 
TRADING EXPERIENCE 
In an emotionally charged situation that requires split-second decision 
making (which could lead to failure of some kind), there's little time to 
compare the present event with previous market experiences. You 
probably wouldn't even notice if you had behaved similarly in the past and 
suffered the same disastrous consequences. Because the present situation 
is so immediate, you may have no concept of how typical and even 
thoughtless your behavior may be. 
In fact, it may be news to you that there are only a limited number of 
such typical reactions leading to failure. Being able to recognize them can 
 27  
prevent you from repeating past mistakes without losing any of that time 
so necessary for split-second decisions. 
The following typical trading errors have a specific cause rooted in a 
thinking methodology that can be changed. 
1.  Refusing to define a loss. 
2.  Not liquidating a losing trade, even after you have acknowledged the 
trade's potential is greatly diminished. 
3.  Getting locked into a specific opinion or belief about market 
direction. From a psychological perspective this is equivalent to 
trying to control the market with your expectation of what it will 
do: "I'm right, the market is wrong." 
4.  Focusing on price and the monetary value of a trade, instead of the 
potential for the market to move based on its behavior and structure.  
5.  Revenge-trading as if you were trying get back at the market for what 
it took away from you.  
6.  Not reversing your position even when you clearly sense a change 
in market direction.  
7.  Not following the rules of the trading system. 
8.  Planning for a move or feeling one building, but then finding 
yourself immobilized to hit the bid or offer, and therefore denying 
yourself the opportunity to profit. 
9.  Not acting on your instincts or intuition.  
10.  Establishing a consistent pattern of trading success over a period of 
time, and then giving your winnings back to the market in one or 
two trades and starting the cycle over again. 
SKILLS TO BE ACQUIRED 
To excel in any activity—whether it is mental, such as trading, or physical, 
such as swimming—we need to learn specialized skills. These skills give us 
the necessary requirements to look at, think about, and behave toward 
events in a manner different from what we may be used to or what we may 
have been taught. 
However, beyond the sheer mechanics of the activity—which just about 
anyone can master—lies a particular thinking methodology or strategy that 
leads to excellence. Although few people have it, such a thinking 
methodology can nevertheless be learned. 
Any thinking methodology requires a series of approaches to goals and 
problems. These approaches might be better described as mental techniques, 
even skills of thought application. For example, one such skill might be the 
ability to identify those conditions that are conducive to making a common 
 28  
trading error before it actually happens. Other techniques or skills include: 
 
1.  Learning the dynamics of goal achievement so you can stay positively 
focused on what you want-not what you fear. 
2.  Learning how to recognize the skills you need to progress as a trader 
and then stay focused on the development of those skills, instead of 
the money, which is merely a by-product of your skills. 
3.  Learning how to adapt yourself to respond to fundamental changes in 
market conditions more readily. 
4.  Identifying the amount of risk you are comfortable with - your "risk 
comfort level"-and then learn how to expand it in a way that is 
consistent with your ability to maintain an objective perspective of 
market activity. 
5.  Learning how to execute your trades immediately upon your 
perception of an opportunity. 
6.  Learning how to let the market tell you how much is enough, instead 
of assessing the potential from your personal value system of how 
much is enough. 
7.  Learning how to structure your beliefs to control your perception of 
market movement. 
8.  Learning how to achieve and maintain a state of objectivity. 
9.  Learning how to recognize "true" intuitive information and then 
learning how to act on it consistently. 
 
HOW IS THIS DIFFERENT FROM 
A TRADING SYSTEM? 
Trading systems give us a way to define, quantify, and categorize market 
behavior. Since the markets offer traders a seemingly infinite combination of 
behaviors, all with their corresponding opportunities and risks, it is easy 
to understand how our minds can become overwhelmed. Trading systems 
limit the scope of market behavior, and therefore make this activity a little 
easier for our minds to manage. They also give us direction and 
suggestions about what to do in a given market situation. Without them 
traders could easily feel as if they are floating aimlessly in an endless sea of 
possibilities and opportunities with no land in sight. 
Since trading systems define opportunity and offer suggestions, 
following these suggestions can lead to the development of skills, even 
though as suggestions they merely point the way for your awareness to be 
directed. A true skill not only points the way, but almost automatically 
begins to direct awareness as well. And a thinking methodology controls the 
 29  
selection of which skills should be used and when. 
I do not offer a trading system in this book. It's more a means of 
interfacing a trading system with the mind's psychological structure. If a 
trading system provides awareness of market signals, and suggests behaviors 
appropriate for any given market situation, then the thinking methodology I 
will share with you teaches skills and processes of skill application. 
Having the skills necessary to consciously manipulate one's 
psychological environment is essential for the trader who recognizes how 
ineffectual a trading system can suddenly become whenever a tense 
situation demands a split-second decision. 
Most everyone reading a book of this nature would consider himself as 
successful to one degree or another, either through trial and error, or the 
rigorous application of some proven formula, through which each has 
learned—intentionally or not—skills or methodologies of thought to 
achieve this success. 
In any case, we all have a natural tendency not only to want to achieve 
success in something, but also to apply the principles of success that work 
very well in one situation to practically everything else. It often doesn't 
occur to us that some environments may require very different 
psychological resources to achieve success. 
Suppose, for example, that you arbitrarily tried to apply a certain thought 
system of success to trading futures or stocks without first investigating the 
usefulness or validity of that system in relationship to the actual conditions 
as they exist in the markets. More than likely, you would be doomed to 
failure before you even started. 
Obviously people don't consciously start trading with the belief that they 
don't have the right resources or that they're going to fail. In fact, it is just 
the opposite. Because most traders come from or still enjoy very successful 
careers outside of trading, they have a great deal of confidence in their 
ability to extend this success in the trading environment. This unfounded 
confidence, coupled with the way the markets distort a person's concept of 
reward in relationship to time and effort expended, will cause the trader to 
form some very unrealistic expectations about the kind of results he should 
achieve.  
Believing that trading is easy is the reason for the unrealistic expectations. 
And they are probably the single biggest reason why most traders never 
make it beyond the initial levels of development before they lose all their 
money. 
Starting out believing that trading is easy is a psychological trap that 
entices almost all traders. But it isn't too difficult to understand why, when 
you examine the dynamics of the process of how we set up a standard of 
performance for ourselves by which to gauge our progress. There are four 
basic components that make up a person's standard of performance or 
expectations for results. 
First is our basic concept of time; most people believe that it is limited, 
 30  
passing nonstop and will eventually run out. Second is our concept of 
effort—our supply of personal energy is not inexhaustible; it runs out, we 
tire, and we may even become ill if we don't rest properly. The third is our 
concept of expertise—the number of skills we have learned and our degree of 
proficiency in using these skills; it usually takes a great deal of time and 
energy to acquire expertise. 
Now one of the primary ways we learn to value ourselves is based on our 
belief about how much work we do and the amount of time it takes to do 
it. Which brings us to the fourth component in the equation; reward. To 
determine the amount of reward we should receive, we will make an 
assessment about how hard or easy a job is by determining how much effort 
(personal energy) we will need to expend and to assess how long the job will 
take (using up our limited time), so we can then determine how much we 
should be compensated. It is like our own personal supply and demand 
formula for our time and energy. 
Now I am going to put all this together to demonstrate how trading 
distorts all these components in a way that allows someone to believe that 
trading is easy. First, to function in the market environment requires very 
little if any physical effort, especially for the off — the — floor trader. 
Second, time is not a relevant factor because a trader can be stunned with 
thousands of dollars in profits in a matter of moments. Conceivably, you 
could put on a trade, never have the market go against your position, and be 
rewarded at levels far beyond your expectations of what is possible. A 
person can't help but make the association between the speed at which 
something like this could happen and how easy it must be because there 
was no physical effort required.  
Most people don't have to experience this personally to make the 
erroneous assumption that trading is easy. They will just naturally do it the 
first time they experience market action. They will assume that they would 
have been a buyer at some low point and held on to liquidate the trade for a 
profit. Even if it's just for a couple of ticks, invariably they will multiply 
those ticks by several contracts to come up with these mental windfall 
profits for themselves. These profits could represent an exotic trip, a dream 
car, or thoughts of financial independence. Then they will compare how 
long and how hard they normally have to work to get the same amount of 
money, and what will result is a completely erroneous conclusion that 
trading is easy. 
The problem is that it is almost impossible for the beginning trader to 
make a reasonable assessment of the level of expertise that is required to 
function in the trading environment, like learning to limit oneself in an 
unlimited environment, when possibly for the first time in the trader's life 
he has the freedom to express himself creatively without any social 
constraints, or the amount of the time it takes to acquire this expertise, 
especially when it looks as if the profits should just roll in so easily and so 
fast. These kinds of assumptions will blind the trader to the true nature of 
 31  
the endeavor. Time is certainly a factor in learning to perceive opportunity 
or learning how to execute one's trades flawlessly. Both these skills could 
take a great deal of time to learn. However, neither time nor effort is a 
factor in relationship to the potential for reward. 
So what happens when we don't live up to our own expectations?—
especially, when most everyone starts their trading career thinking it's a 
piece of cake and that they're only moments away from fulfilling their 
financial dreams? Regardless of how long it may take any individual to 
admit that he's not making it, the experience is painful and invariably 
generates feelings of inadequacy, guilt, and even shame. When one fails, 
especially when the expectations for success are so high, it will create three 
major psychological obstacles that have to be overcome before any measure 
of success will be realized. 
First, you will need to learn how to release yourself from any feelings of 
inadequacy, guilt, or shame. Second, you will need to learn how to identify 
and repair the residual psychological damage caused by the emotionally 
painful experiences because painful experiences have the potential to 
generate fear. Finally, you will need to undo any inappropriate trading 
habits and learn the appropriate skills that will help you eventually to 
accumulate the wealth you desire from trading. 
For many, what I have outlined may seem like an overwhelming task, 
and I'm not going to downplay it in the slightest. Even if you haven't as yet 
subjected yourself to any emotional trauma, just learning the appropriate 
skills will be no easy task. However, you should keep in mind that the 
rewards can be astronomical. Would any other endeavor having the 
unlimited potential of trading in futures or stocks be easy? 
As you proceed through this book, it is very important to keep in mind 
that neither I nor anyone else can deny what you consider to be the 
structure of reality—even though what I hold to be true and what you hold 
to be true may differ by a wide margin. Force, violence, or even torture will 
not cause you or anyone else to give up your beliefs if you don't want to. 
However, if what I offer will produce a result you desire, then you may be 
quite willing to suspend, at least temporarily, what you hold to be true and 
see if what works for me will also work for you. 
The fire-walkers I mentioned earlier demonstrated how a thinking 
methodology could suspend their belief that walking on abed of hot coals 
would severely damage their feet—even though they had learned early in 
their lives the dangers and pain of intense heat Perhaps you too can 
suspend some of your beliefs about what makes trading successful. You 
could find out how your own early training—before you ever considered 
becoming a trader—may have produced contradictory attitudes and beliefs 
that cancel all good intentions and optimistic trading, and thus lead to 
failure. 
Understandably, before you even consider the possibility of changing 
some of your innermost beliefs, you will certainly want to know not only 
 32  
how the process of altering beliefs works but also what benefits it will have 
for you as a trader. 
Like all traders, you have probably read repeatedly what it takes to be 
successful at trading: "Trade with the trend," "Cut your losses and let your 
profits run," "Money management is the key," and so on. As true as these 
adages are, they are too vague to give you a clear understandable connection 
between the application of these principles and their benefits: a positive and 
successful trading experience. If you will recall, I listed resistance to 
accepting a loss among the most common trading errors. If you have ever 
experienced such resistance, you have probably also encountered the 
following thought: "How do I accept small losses when what I want to do is 
make money, and I feel like a failure every time I lose." 
Your helplessness in such a situation and the disastrous consequences for 
your finances are at the essence of this discussion. If, for example, you can 
change what losses mean to you and how you represent them mentally, then 
to whatever degree you can accomplish this, you will be releasing yourself 
from the stress and anxiety experienced when you have to acknowledge 
any given trade is a loser and take the appropriate action. 
The few individuals who have achieved astronomical success in trading 
at some point learned to stop trying to conquer the markets or make them 
conform to their expectations or mental limitations. At some point in their 
trading careers, they understood the psychological implications of an event 
that is never ending, that begins only when one decides to participate, that 
ends only when one has had enough, and behaves without the slightest 
regard for individual survival. Eventually they adapted to these unusual and 
demanding psychological conditions by changing their perspective, 
although, as I have already pointed out from my experiences, the process of 
change usually isn't the result of making a conscious choice to take a step-
by-step approach, as this book is designed to give you. 
In our everyday lives it is much easier to control the external 
environment to satisfy our desires. What I mean is, if something has to 
change to get what we want, we will find it much easier to change the 
external conditions to suit our needs before we attempt to change our 
mental perspective. Changing ourselves would seem like the absolute last 
resort as a solution to any problem. So, why would you consciously go 
about the task of learning how to change yourself from the inside? I have 
three reasons for you. 
First, because you decide to learn new skills or ways of expressing 
yourself. Second, because you may have any number of beliefs acting as 
resistance in the acquisition of the new skills you are attempting to learn. 
The third I will get to in a moment. 
Right now I want to give you an example to illustrate these first two 
points. A client of mine lost an uncle that he was very close to while he was 
still a child. His uncle was very much of a father figure to him, where his 
own father was not. The uncle died of a heart attack at a young age while 
 33  
doing some very strenuous exercise. Because of this experience my client 
grew up believing he would also die of a heart attack, if he exercised too 
strenuously. 
What would have been just normal heart pounding, to anyone else, after 
working up a sweat, he would perceive as the beginning of a heart attack. He 
would start to hyperventilate and stop doing whatever he was doing. 
Obviously, his belief about dying was very limiting. As a result, he never 
participated in any sports as a child or well into his adult life. 
Well, by the time he was in his late thirties, he decided that he was not 
going to die prematurely of a heart attack like his uncle. Actually he didn't 
make this decision until after he passed the age in which his uncle had 
died. (His uncle's age at the time of his death was the age at which my 
client thought that he would also die.) When it didn't happen, he gave up 
the whole notion. Deciding to build up his stamina, he asked me for some 
tips on how to become a runner, since he knew I had been running for 
years. In a sense running was a new skill for him and definitely a new way 
of expressing himself. So we went running together. Of course, what he 
found out was that he couldn't run. Not that he couldn't take the steps in 
the fashion of a runner; it is just that every time his heart rate started to 
climb, he would stop dead in his tracks, even though his intent was to keep 
on going. His beliefs about dying from exercise still had a great deal of 
power in his mental environment. This belief acted as resistance, working 
against his conscious intent to run. Consciously, he was giving his body 
instructions to keep on going; his conflicting belief, however, was saying. 
"No way, pal; you're staying right here until your heart rate goes down." In 
this situation it was very easy to determine what component of his mental 
system had more power over his behavior. 
The third reason why you would want to learn to change from the inside 
instead of forcing the environment to conform to your psychological 
makeup relates strictly to trading. The markets are just too big for one 
person or even a group of individuals to prevail for long. That is, if you 
don't have the financial power to move prices in your direction, then you are 
going to have to learn how to flow with and constantly adapt to the outer 
conditions. 
The choice is you can either adapt or continue to experience some very 
painful lessons. A quick hint: the intensity of your emotional discomfort 
and pain you experience as a trader is an excellent indication of how much 
you will have to change to trade without fear and be consistently 
successful. 
You might ask, "Why consider the market from a psychological 
perspective at all? Doesn't the market behave as it does regardless of what a 
single individual thinks or feels about it?" 
My answer is this: "The market behaves as it does because of the 
interactions of hundreds of thousands of people. And since all these 
individuals are members of the human race, regardless of national origin, 
 34  
religious conviction, or what have you, they will all have one thing in 
common—the psychological structure of the human mind." This 
psychological structure behaves in certain highly predictable ways 
whenever it encounters stress or split-second decisions. In the market, the 
fear of losing one's fortune is every bit as intense as the fear of losing one's 
life from an attack by a wild animal. 
However, even though we all participate collectively, the market is not the 
same for all of us. Every move the market makes has a different meaning 
and impact on each of us as individuals. And every trader's experience of 
this movement is the result of his individual mental process of inputting 
environmental information (perception) and all the unique internal 
psychological factors that affect his behavior. So, even though two or more 
traders can agree on what the current price is, they will not be sharing the 
same experience of how that price is impacting them personally. 
The meaning you place on any particular price change is the result of 
your beliefs. As a trader you constantly have to define what is high and what 
is low relative to your beliefs about the future. That is the only way you can 
make money: buy low and sell it back at a higher price (in the future) or 
sell high and buy it back at a lower price (in the future). As long as prices 
continue to move, that movement will create opportunities to buy low and 
sell high or sell high and buy low, and these opportunities are available for 
all traders. You create the game in your own mind based on your beliefs, 
intents, perceptions, and rules. It is your own unique perspective and no one 
else's and the secret is, you can and do choose how you perceive events. 
Even if you are not aware of exactly how to control and change your 
perception to make other choices available to yourself, you are still 
choosing, even if it is out of ignorance. 
Until you learn the appropriate skills, your success as a trader will he 
determined by a number of psychological factors that often have little or 
nothing to do with the markets. 
 
 
UNSUCSESSFUL TRADERS 
There are many reasons why traders are not successful. These reasons can be 
broken down into three broad categories. 
Lack of Skills 
The trader is generally not aware that the trading environment is different 
from all other environments. Trading has the appearance of something that 
should be easy to do coupled with the possibility of making vast amounts of 
money in a relatively short period of time. 
The trader will thus create some inflated expectations of success. 
Adherence to these inflated expectations without the appropriate skills equals 
disappointment which equals pain which equals psychological damage which 
 35  
equals fear. Fear diminishes the trader's ability to be objective, execute his 
trades, or learn about the fundamental nature of the markets. 
Of course, it is possible to make money without the appropriate skills. 
However, without these skills the trader will invariably lose what he made 
back to the markets plus more. The result is disappointment, pain, 
psychological damage, and fear. 
People generally don't know how to repair psychological damage and as a 
result don't know how to release themselves from their fear. To compensate, 
we learn some very sophisticated ways of covering our fear up. In society we 
can get by and even be successful with a facade of confidence because people 
will generally support each other's illusions about themselves. The market, 
however, has no vested interest in supporting anyone's illusions about 
himself. If a trader is feeling fearful, he can try to cover it up all he wants but 
his trading results will readily reflect his true feelings. 
 
Limiting Beliefs 
Most people have a whole assortment of beliefs that argue against their 
success as a trader. Some of these beliefs you may be consciously aware of, 
most of them you may not be aware of. In any case, you cannot negate their 
significance in how they will determine and affect your behavior as a trader. 
Many traders will try to circumvent confronting these limiting beliefs by 
becoming an expert market analyst. It doesn't matter how good a market analyst 
you become; if you don't release yourself from the effects of these beliefs, you 
won't be successful to the extent these limiting beliefs have power in your mental 
system. There are many market gurus who can predict market moves with 
uncanny accuracy but can't make money as a trader. Either they don't know the 
nature of beliefs and how they affect and determine behavior, or they don't want 
to confront the issues surrounding these beliefs. You have to want to do it or 
nothing will happen. And if you choose not to, you will be subjecting yourself to 
the same recurring cycles of negative experiences again and again until you either 
decide to work through whatever issues are necessary or lose all your money and 
have to give it up. 
Lack of Self-Discipline 
If the type of environmental conditions exist that are beyond your skill level to 
respond to appropriately (without doing harm to yourself), then you will need to 
institute some rules and limitations to guide your behavior until you learn how 
to act in your best interests. When you were a child your parents didn't let you 
cross the street by yourself because the consequences of your inability to cross 
safely might have precluded your getting a second chance. When you were able 
to make the appropriate distinctions about the nature of traffic, your parents 
trusted you enough to cross the street on your own. 
Until they trusted you, they always feared the possibility of your getting hit by 
a car. As a result of their fear, they restricted your freedom of movement, 
 36  
regardless of the opportunities that may have existed for you across the street. 
Your interaction with the trading environment works the same way. The 
difference is that no one is stopping you from standing in the middle of the street 
(metaphorically) to get hit by a truck. You are the only one who can stop 
yourself. After you have been hit once or twice, it might not be so easy to cross 
the street, regardless of how good the opportunities look on the other side. 
What makes it even more difficult (continuing with the traffic metaphor) to 
step out into the street is when you further realize that the cars and trucks can 
come at you in a seemingly random fashion. All of a sudden you're lying on the 
street not even knowing what hit you because you thought you were being 
careful. 
 37  
 
 
 
 
 
PART II 
The Nature of the 
Trading Environment 
from a Psychological 
Perspective 
 38  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In Chapters 1 and 2 the material presented outlined some of the 
difficulties of trading. In the next six chapters, I will get much more specific 
by explaining the characteristics of the market environment from the 
psychological perspective of the individual trader. From this perspective it 
will become clear to you how the market environment is much different 
from the cultural environment you learned to function within. This will 
confront you with some very unusual psychological challenges. 
My primary objective is for you to understand clearly why any degree of 
success as a trader is so elusive, attained by so few, and why you may need to 
change some deeply ingrained cultural attitudes and beliefs to function 
successfully in the trading environment. 
 39  
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 3 
The Market Is 
Always Right 
If all trading stopped at any particular price, what would this last posted 
price represent? At the most fundamental level, this last price (or any 
current price) would represent the consensus belief about value, relative to 
the future, of all the traders who are in the market in that moment. The 
current price is a direct reflection of the beliefs of all the traders who choose 
to act as a force on prices by putting on a trade. So, when there are two 
traders, one wanting to buy and one wanting to sell at a price and do so, they 
have made a trade, and they have also made a market. 
All that is needed to make the market right are two traders willing to trade 
at a price. Regardless of the criteria they used to determine value, how 
rational, irrational, meaningful, or meaningless by your or anyone else's 
belief system, if two traders are willing to express their belief in future 
value by making a trade, they have made a market. Unless the trade can be 
undone, it has to be right by virtue of the fact that it was made. 
What you wanted, thought, believed, or expected is of no consequence 
in the overall scheme of things unless you can trade with enough volume 
to control the market and move prices in the direction you deem to be 
correct. To do this, you would personally have to represent a buying or 
selling force strong enough to absorb all the counteracting buying or 
selling represented by the traders who didn't happen to agree with you, at 
any given moment, with enough financial power left over to bid or offer the 
price where you want it to be. 
 40  
For an observer of market behavior, each trade that is made and the type 
of movement it creates in prices can tell you something about the 
consistency of the market and potential for movement in a direction—if you 
can discern the meaning and put that meaning within some framework 
defining opportunity. Price movement creates opportunities to buy low and 
sell high, or vice versa, if you can perceive what is likely to be high and low 
relative to some point in the future. Movement in any given direction is 
equivalent to the amount of force that is being applied to create that 
movement. 
For example, if prices penetrated all-time lows, the fact that you may 
have believed that they would not do it is meaningless, unless you can 
personally trade with enough volume to move the price back above the old 
low. You have to consider that for prices to have penetrated all-time lows, 
there must have been more traders who believed that the current price was 
above what they considered to be of value, at least enough to where they 
believed the all-time low was a selling opportunity or they would not have 
sold. For prices to follow through and continue to go lower would indicate 
that there are more traders willing to act on their belief that prices are high 
and as a result sell than there are traders who are willing to buy at those 
prices (all-time lows). 
What you believed about value and your reasons for believing it may be 
of highest quality, but if the market doesn't share your belief, it doesn't really 
matter how "right" you are based on your superior reasoning process or 
what you believe to be the quality of your information, because prices are 
going to go in the direction of the greatest force. 
The point here is that right and wrong as you may traditionally think of 
them don't exist in the market environment. Academic credentials, 
degrees, reputations, even a high I.Q. don't make you right in this 
environment as they would in society. Traders, acting on their belief in the 
future by putting on a trade, are the only force that can act on prices to make 
them move. Movement creates opportunity to make money, and making money 
is what trading is all about. This is also true for the hedger trading to protect the 
value of his assets. 
Each individual trader will define what market condition represents enough 
of an opportunity to put on a trade for whatever reason suits him. Regardless of 
how wrong you think he may be, if the net result of the collective actions of all 
the traders participating is moving prices against your position, then they're right 
and you're the one who is losing money. 
The market is never wrong in what it does; it just is. Therefore, you as an 
individual trader interacting with the market—first as an observer to perceive 
opportunity, then as a participant executing a trade, contributing to the overall 
market behavior—have to confront an environment where only you can be 
wrong, and it's never the other way around. As a trader, you have to decide what 
is more important—being right or making money—because the two are not 
always compatible or consistent with one another. 
 41  
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 4 
There Is  
Unlimited Potential for 
Profit and Loss  
The most effective manner to illustrate the "unlimitedness" of the market 
environment is to compare it to gambling. With any gambling game you 
will always know exactly how much you can win or lose each time you play. 
You decide exactly how much you want to wager, you know exactly how 
much you can win as well as lose, and you may even know the mathematical 
odds of either possibility. 
This is not the case in market environment. In any particular trade you 
never really know how far prices will travel from any given point. If you 
never really know where the market may stop, it is very easy to believe there 
are no limits to how much you can make on any given trade. 
From a psychological perspective this characteristic will allow you to 
indulge yourself in the illusion that each trade has the potential of fulfilling 
your wildest dream of financial independence. Based on the consistency of 
market participants (ratio between buyers and sellers) and their potential to 
act as a force great enough to move prices in your direction, the possibility 
of having your dreams fulfilled may not even remotely exist. However, if 
you believe it does, then you will have the tendency to gather only the kind 
of market information that will confirm and reinforce your belief, all the 
while denying vital information that may be telling you the best opportu-
nity is in the opposite direction. 
If you are in a losing trade, the market could be moving farther and 
farther away from your entry point, increasing your potential loss by the 
moment. While this is happening, however, you may only be able to 
 42  
imagine it coming back in your favor, instead of confronting the possibility 
of the market continuing against your position. This type of thought 
process will continue until the sheer magnitude of the loss overwhelms you, 
and the possibility of the loss increasing is suddenly more pertinent than the 
possibility of the market coming back. You finally exit the trade never 
intending or ever imagining you could have allowed yourself to take such a 
large loss. 
From a psychological perspective, the possibility for unlimited profits, 
happiness, power, and so on, whatever it means to you when you imagine 
making all the money you ever wanted to make, can be extremely 
dangerous. The possibility may in fact exist, but how realistic it is in any 
given trade is another matter. 
There are several psychological factors that go into being able to assess 
accurately the market's potential for movement in any given direction. One 
of them is releasing yourself from the notion that each trade has the 
potential to fulfill all your dreams. At the very least this illusion will be a 
major obstacle keeping you from learning how to perceive market action 
from an objective perspective. Otherwise, if you continually filter market 
information in such a way as to confirm this belief, learning to be objective 
won't be a concern because you probably won't have any money left to 
trade with. 
 43  
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 5 
Prices Are in Perpetual  
Motion with No Defined  
Beginning or Ending  
The markets are always in motion; they never stop, only pause. As long as 
there are traders who, for whatever reasons, are willing to buy higher than 
the last price and, as a result, bid the price up, or traders willing to sell for 
less than the last price and offer the marker lower, prices will remain in 
perpetual motion. Even when the markets are closed, prices are theoretically 
in motion. For example, what price traders may be willing to buy or sell at 
on the opening the next day does not have to be at the price level the 
market closed at the previous day. 
What are usually thought of as three simple decisions of enter, hold, or 
liquidate a trade become a perpetual process of deciding how much is 
enough from both a profit and a loss perspective. If you are in a profitable 
trade, is there ever enough? Greed stems from a belief that there is never 
enough or there won't be enough. In an unlimited environment that is in 
perpetual motion, isn't there always the possibility of getting more? The 
appetite of true greed can never be satisfied; it will always leave the greedy 
ones with a feeling of lacking regardless of how much they have acquired. If 
you are in a losing trade, you won't want it to exist because it represents 
failure, so you can just act as if it doesn't, by convincing yourself that you are 
in a winning trade that hasn't gone in your favor yet. 
The "how much is enough" question can be answered in an infinite 
number of ways relative to your beliefs on the value of money, what you 
need it for, how important it is, can you really risk it, how secure do you 
feel, and what is enough today may not be enough tomorrow because of 
 44  
other factors in your life—all relative questions that have no definitive 
answers and change with the changing environmental conditions. Having to 
confront these personal issues as a trader will only contaminate your 
observations of market movement because they have nothing to do with 
market direction and the potential or lack of potential of any particular 
market move. This is why successful traders have always stated 
emphatically, "Only trade with money you can afford to lose," meaning 
money that has little or no value in your life. The less meaning the money 
has, the less potential there is for your personal "how much is enough" 
issues to contaminate your perception of market movement. 
Thus, if you allow it, the market can always tempt you into thinking there 
may be more to be had in a winning trade and always give you something to 
hang on to in order to justify your hope that it will come back and make you 
whole, if you are in a losing trade. Succumbing to either one of these 
temptations subjects you to the possibility of some very negative and 
painful consequences. 
The market environment is also unstructured in such a way that, from a 
psychological perspective, there is no beginning and there is no ending. 
What I mean by this statement (before you think that it's not true, the market 
opens and closes at a specified time every day) is that from the perspective of 
the individual trader, the game only begins when you decide to enter and 
ends only when you decide to exit irrespective of market openings and 
closings. 
You have the freedom to structure the game inside your mind in any 
particular way you please. You can get in whenever you want for whatever 
reasons are good enough to justify your actions. You can get out whenever 
you want. In fact the game only ends when you have decided that you've 
had enough and take the appropriate action to end it. The psychological 
implications to the individual confronting these conditions are staggering. 
Entering a trade will involve all your beliefs about opportunity in 
relationship to risk, missing out, needing a sure thing, and not being wrong. 
Exiting a trade will involve all your beliefs about loss, greed, failure, and 
control. 
Considering the unlimited potential for profit, entering the market will 
be much easier for most traders than will be getting out. This is because 
exiting the trade will require that you confront your beliefs about greed, 
loss, and failure in relationship to the constant temptation of the possibility 
for unlimited profits. 
These individual psychological issues are completely independent of 
objective market action. And even more significant, as I will explain in 
Part III, your beliefs about loss, being wrong, failure, and control will 
operate independently of your conscious intent. For example, think of the 
last time you perceived an opportunity to profit and the fear of being 
wrong, or losing, and so on, immobilized you, keeping you from putting on 
the trade. 
 45  
To the extent that these issues exist as a component of your mental 
environment, they will determine the effect they have on your perception of 
market activity, the decisions you make, and your ability to act on what you 
decide. 
However, one of the most significant and potentially damaging factors 
related to this no beginning and no ending characteristic of the market 
environment is that it allows you to be a passive loser. The best way to 
illustrate this concept is to compare the markets with any form of 
gambling games. For example, with blackjack, horse racing, or craps the 
player has to make a conscious choice to play and decide before the event 
exactly how much he will wager. The event begins and ends according to 
the rules of the game, and the risk of loss is limited to the size of the wager. 
Each new event is a fresh start, where the odds of winning may be 
determined by mathematical probabilities and the rules of the game 
automatically take the player out after each event. When the game ends, the 
player knows exactly what the outcome is and then must make a conscious 
decision to participate again. Therefore, the structure of the game forces the 
player to be an active loser. To subject himself to the possibility of losing 
any more money than he has already lost requires that he place a wager for a 
specified amount. He has to actively participate to lose and do nothing to 
stop losing. Obviously, if the player does nothing, he will not be subjecting 
his assets to the possibility of loss. 
If the player is losing consistently, he will need to confront his beliefs 
about loss and failure to quit playing altogether. This could be difficult 
because he can always rationalize that, based on the odds, he is bound to win 
eventually and that he can always quit after the next game. But he does not 
need his own mental structure to end any particular game because it's 
automatic. 
This is very much different from the market environment where you can 
be a passive loser. Once you put on a trade, you have to actively 
participate to end your losses. You don't need to do anything to continue to 
lose, and the market could go against your position indefinitely. If for any 
reason you choose not to act or can't act, you could lose everything you own 
and more. Depending on the size of your position and the volatility of the 
market, this could happen very quickly. The only way out is to confront 
your personal issues about greed, loss, and failure. What specific issues or 
combination of them come into play in each trade will depend on whether 
you are in a winning or losing position. 
Since, all of us seem instinctively to avoid confronting any issue that 
could cause pain, such as getting out of a winning trade too soon or 
having to admit we were wrong to get out of a loser, the easiest way out of 
a situation like this is to convince ourselves (indulge ourselves in the 
illusion) we are in a winning trade that will never end or gather all the 
evidence possible to suggest that we really aren't in a losing trade. 
Therefore, in either case we will have no reason to confront the forces 
 46  
inside of us that keep us from objectively perceiving what the market is 
telling us about the possibilities and potential for profit in any given 
moment. 
The markets make it extremely easy for you not to have to confront these 
very tough psychological issues. For example, if you focus your attention 
on price movement at the tick-by-tick level, the market can graphically 
display billions of combinations of behavior characteristics and price 
patterns to get from one point to the next. It is very easy to use this type of 
information to support any belief, rationalization, justification, distortion, or 
illusion you need to want to have about where it is going in the future. 
Most traders will attempt to simplify price movement by thinking the 
price can only do three things. Go up, go down, or stay basically the same. 
Some traders may even carry this distorted logic to the point where they 
believe there is a 50/50 probability for success in any give trade. This of 
course couldn't be further from the truth. For example, let's say that 
prices stayed within a 10-tick trading range for an entire trading session, if 
you take into account each tick, how many price patterns is it possible for the 
market to display going from the top to bottom of the range and then back again? 
I'm not a statistician, but I'm sure it's at least millions. To illustrate this a little 
further, if point A is the bottom of the range, prices could have changed up one 
tick, down two, up one, down three, up two, down one, up one, down two, up 
three, down one, up two, down one, up one, down one, up two, down one, up 
three, down one, up two, down one, up three, down one, up one, down one, up 
two, down one, up three to point B, ten ticks up from point A. This is 
obviously a very shortened version of the way prices usually move, but it does 
represent one pattern out of millions of possible pattern combinations, and each 
pattern you identify can repeat itself at some point in the future. 
If you are a buyer at point A, what are the odds the price will stay above your 
entry point? What are the odds that the price will be above or significantly 
above your entry point tomorrow or the next day without having gone below 
your entry point first, by two ticks, five ticks, or ten ticks, before it goes back up 
again above your entry point? Once prices go below your entry point, what are 
the odds they never go above your entry point? What are the odds they never go 
below? To answer these questions, you would have to know a great deal about 
the consistency of the market and its potential to behave in certain ways. In any 
case, relative to most traders' emotional disposition to deal with this kind of 
movement and within the context that most people think of as 50/50 odds, it 
definitely doesn't apply in the markets. 
To illustrate another point, if you got short halfway between points A and B, 
which ticks would you have the tendency to place greater weight on in terms of 
market information? The down ticks naturally. They confirm what you believe 
and the up ticks don't Yet each in relationship to one another can tell you 
something about the consistency of the market and its potential to move in any 
given direction. How can you begin to assess that potential accurately if you 
place a greater significance specifically on the information that confirms what you 
 47  
want or believe? In effect, you would be using the information to suit your hopes, 
dreams, wishes, and desires instead of perceiving it in a manner to assess the 
market's actual potential to do any of the foregoing.  
Thus, what you have in the market environment is a deadly combination 
of the market forcing you to confront difficult personal issues to survive, 
an event that produces information in a wide variety of forms that can be 
used to support any illusion, distortion, or expectation, therefore, making it 
easy to avoid confronting these potentially painful issues. Furthermore the 
event continues on until you come to terms with whatever is inside of you 
to end it. Unless your brokerage firm liquidates your position, you are the 
only one who can make it stop. 
Among many other factors, to become a consistently successful trader 
your objective has to be to learn how to let the market tell you what it may 
do next and how much is enough. This is extremely difficult when you 
consider there is absolutely no relationship between what the market may 
do next and your personal belief system on what it means to lose, what it 
means to be wrong, greed (fear founded in a belief there will never be 
enough), and revenge. 
I can anticipate a lot of readers saying to themselves "I can understand the 
loss, being wrong, and greed issues, but where does revenge come into 
this?" This can best be illustrated by going back to the gambling game 
example. In a gambling game you can only lose what you decide to risk. 
You bet the money and it's difficult not to accept the responsibility for any 
losses. As a trader, however, you could easily lose far more than you 
intended to risk, based on your inability to perceive the possible or your 
inability to execute a trade to get out of your position, or a combination of 
both. 
You may have been willing to take responsibility for what you originally 
intended to risk on a trade (although most traders are not willing to take 
this responsibility, which I will demonstrate further on); however, it might 
not be so easy to take responsibility for losing more than what you intended 
to risk. This is where the revenge factor comes into play. If you don't take 
responsibility for what you lost, then who or what can you blame—the 
markets, of course. The markets took your money. If the markets took from 
you more than you originally intended to risk, then you will likely feel 
compelled to get it back. 
For example, is a 10-tick profit enough in the trade you are currently in 
if you lost 20 in the last trade? The market may be giving the objective 
observer a very clear indication that where the price is now is all that is 
left in the move and the highest probability for success is to take profits 
now. If you lost 20 ticks in the last trade and you only intended to risk 5 and the 
market is now offering you 10, are you going to take it. If you believe in "getting 
back," 10 won't be enough regardless of what the market is doing or telling you. 
You will need at least 15 and preferably 20 to make you whole. 
Your last trade obviously has nothing to do with the potential that exists in 
 48  
the market at any given moment. When you feel compelled to get back, it puts 
you in an adversary relationship with the market. The market becomes your 
opponent, it is you against it, instead of being in harmony with it. The market 
can't take anything away from you that you don't allow; if you lost money or lost 
more than you intended to risk, you gave your money to other traders. 
Ultimately, however, revenge creates an adversary relationship with yourself. If 
you're the one who gives your money to the market, you are also the one who 
gives yourself money out of the market. If you are angry with yourself for letting 
the last trade get so out of hand, whatever the market is offering you "now" in 
terms of an opportunity won't be enough. From a psychological perspective, you 
won't take the opportunity for a profit or otherwise because you haven't 
accepted the last trade as being all right. In effect, you will be denying yourself 
the current or next opportunity to punish yourself for the past mistake. In reality 
you can't get back at the market, and a belief in revenge only allows you to get 
back at yourself. 
There is a direct correlation between your ability to let the market tell you what 
it is likely to do next and the degree to which you have released yourself from the 
negative effects of any beliefs about losing, being wrong, and revenge on the 
markets. Not being aware of this relationship, most traders will continue to 
observe the market from a contaminated perspective until they either make the 
association through trial and error or become aware of this relationship through 
a book such as this. In any case, by the time those who figure it out do so, they 
have usually subjected themselves to so much psychological damage that it adds 
a much more difficult dimension to the process of becoming successful. 
This is the principal reason why this book had to address the areas of personal 
transformation in such depth: you need to know if there is any damage, how to 
identify it, and most important, how to release yourself from it. 
 49  
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 6 
The Market  
Is an Unstructured  
Environment  
Unlike structured social activities that have defined beginnings and endings 
and rigid rules to guide your behavior, the market environment is more like 
a river constantly flowing, with no beginning or ending with almost no 
structure. Once you jump in the river, it can change directions at any 
moment. It may have been flowing north when you jumped in; however, 
without any notice, it can start flowing south. It's unstructured to the point 
where you make up all your own rules to play by, with a great deal of 
latitude to do so. 
You will have to decide if and when you're going to jump in and with 
how much force. If you are already in, you have the option of increasing the 
force you apply at any time or of decreasing it. There are no rules 
preventing you from jumping out at any moment to change your intended 
direction to flow with the market, or you can jump out and stay out, and 
the market just keeps on flowing. 
In an unstructured and unlimited environment, it is essential that you 
establish rules to guide your behavior. You will need to create definition 
and give yourself direction. Otherwise, you will feel overwhelmed with too 
many possibilities. Without these rules one of the most likely possibilities is 
that you will create devastating losses for yourself. The big psychological 
problem here is, if you make up and have to play by your own rules, you 
also have to take total and complete responsibility for your actions as well 
as the outcome of your actions. The degree to which you do assume 
responsibility is the same degree to which you can't shift it to the market 
 50  
and be its victim. 
The typical trader will do most anything to avoid creating definition and 
rules because he does not want to take responsibility for the results of his 
trading. If he knows exactly what he is going to do and under what 
conditions, then he would have something by which to measure his 
performance, thus making himself accountable to himself. This is exactly 
what most traders don't want to do, preferring instead to keep their 
relationship with the market somewhat mysterious. 
This creates a real psychological paradox for traders, because the . only 
way to learn how to trade effectively is to make oneself accountable by 
creating structure; but, with accountability comes responsibility. The 
typical trader desperately wants to make money, but he has to do it in a 
way where there is no direct connection between what he does and the 
outcome that it produces, thereby avoiding responsibility if things don't 
turn out satisfactorily. 
To develop a plan, you have to anticipate events to some extent relative 
to the depth of your plan. When you plan your trades in advance, you are 
putting your vision of the future and creative abilities on the line, so to speak, 
and making yourself accountable to yourself. Your plan either works or it 
doesn't; you either have the ability to execute your plan or you don't. In any 
case, it is your plan and your ability to follow it and, therefore, it is difficult 
to shift responsibility and lay the blame somewhere else if things don't work 
out. 
Now, when a trader doesn't understand market behavior well enough to 
know what he is going to do and under what market conditions he is going 
to do it—but if at the same time, he is very attracted to the action and the 
opportunities he knows exist and if he is also impatient with the learning 
process—his impatience and attraction will make him feel compelled to do 
something, even if he doesn't know what he should do. How do you think 
the typical trader will resolve this dilemma? He will play follow the leader, 
rationalizing that everybody else is doing something and, furthermore, all 
these people waving their hands and screaming can't be as afraid and 
unknowing as himself, so they must know what they are doing or at least they 
know more than him. If he does what they do, or better yet, identifies the most 
successful trader and does what that trader does, then he too can make money. 
This type of rationale creates a herd mentality (extremely prevalent on the floor 
of the exchanges), where most everyone is looking for direction, assuming 
everyone else must know something they don't, otherwise why would they be 
doing anything. In a group, this collective mentality is very volatile, where one 
key trader can start an endless series of chain reactions where everyone mirrors 
everyone else, all assuming that the other guy must have some rational reason for 
doing what he is doing. 
In fact, I wouldn't even describe what goes on down on the trading floor as 
follow the leader. It is actually better described as "follow the follower," because 
most traders don't know what the leader is doing or who the leader may be at any 
 51  
given moment. Therefore, the group's behavior is like these endless waves of 
back and forth movement, where the traders closest to the leaders (the leaders 
being those who know exactly what they want to do and why they want to do it) 
will have the first opportunity to get on the bandwagon at the best price and 
those next closest have diminished opportunities and so on down the line until 
you get to the least skilled trader, who doesn't have much of a chance at all. 
When there is no leadership in the market, the prices usually drift back and forth 
in a small range until someone who knows what he is doing comes into the 
market. 
If the prices have made any significant move during or at the end of the trading 
day, all the crowd followers get together to find any reason or rationale that 
might explain their (the market's) behavior and put it into some understandable 
context. Basically, what they come up with is a consensus reason for the 
market's behavior that day. However, the leaders (those traders who take 
responsibility for their trades and know exactly why they did what they did) do 
not feel compelled to talk to anyone and usually don't. The typical crowd 
follower feels compelled to find reasons outside of himself because these reasons 
don't exist inside of himself and he doesn't want to think he is irrational and acts 
randomly. 
For the crowd follower, trading this way serves many functions. It keeps his 
relationship with the market mysterious. If he makes money, he must have 
done something right. If he loses money, he can blame the market, which is 
obviously very acceptable behavior among traders, since so many of them 
do it. The rational or logical explanation for the individual's part in the 
collective behavior will be decided on later (after the fact) by the 
consensus opinion of the group. This way he can maintain an illusion of 
being rational and responsible and whatever happened to him also happened 
to a lot of other traders, so at least he knows he is not alone, which 
then creates a sense of comradeship among competitors. 
Outside of the world of trading, most people think that traders are 
rugged individualists, associating them with the characteristics of the 
entrepreneurial types, like being decisive and persevering. Most outside 
people would be shocked to learn that except for a small minority of 
successful traders, the rest fall into a group that, at any given moment, 
have no idea about what they are going to do next or know why they are 
even doing what they are doing. If you asked them to tell you 
specifically how they make money or lose money, they couldn't tell you. 
In addition, as a group, traders (except for the leaders) are indecisive and 
impatient to an extreme. It isn't too difficult to determine why, if you 
consider that under normal conditions, the frame of mind of the average 
trader is one notch away from unrestrained terror. Getting organized and 
creating structure is one obvious solution to the many psychological 
problems the typical trader heaps on himself. But that would also force him 
to cross that psychological boundary line into the realm of accountability 
and responsibility. 
 52  
Besides the outright refusal to plan trades, most traders go to great 
lengths to put as much psychological distance as possible between what 
they do and the outcome of their actions. I know many traders who can do 
extremely good market analysis on their own but still seek opinions of 
other traders on what to do and then take those trades instead of their 
own, simply because they don't want to take responsibility if the trade 
doesn't work out. And, more often than not, sticking with their own 
analysis would have produced far better results. 
There are many floor traders who trade hundreds of contracts a day, and 
although they have to record each trade on a trading card, they will not 
keep an accurate account of their net trading position, claiming they get too 
busy or that they added wrong. At the end of the day, they count their 
cards with intense anxiety, hoping or praying to whatever unseen forces 
that they are flat (not carrying a net long or short position). 
Obviously, if they were that concerned, the simple solution to their problem 
would be to trade only at a volume level where they can always keep track of 
where they are at and if they lose track to stop trading until they get a correct 
count. But they wouldn't want to do that because, if they kept track of their 
position, then they would have to take the responsibility for what they end up 
with. What if they inadvertently end up with a net long position at the end of 
the day and the market opens several ticks higher the next morning? The unseen 
market forces have thus blessed these traders with a winning position, or 
conversely if the market opens lower, they can always find someone or 
something to blame for their bad fortune. Maybe their lucky tie was sent to the 
dry cleaners by mistake or they hit three red lights in a row on the way to the 
exchange. Any reason or excuse to shift responsibility will do. These reasons can 
range from the most eloquent academic jargon to the most superstitious beliefs, 
but in essence, they all focus blame outside of oneself for unsatisfactory results. 
In an unlimited environment, the less structure you create for yourself, the 
less accountable you are, the more easily you will be swept along by the force of 
events, and the less control you seem to have over your life. However, having less 
structure has the benefit of shifting the responsibility for the events in your life to 
other unidentified forces. This is precisely why so many traders have such a 
strong belief in superstitions. If a person refuses to make any connection between 
his thoughts, intents, skills, and results, then it is very easy to associate one's 
success or failure to something like the tie one had on that day or inadvertently 
making some gesture and then finding oneself in a losing trade and associating 
the gesture with the loss. 
I have a personal story to illustrate a typical superstitious belief that traders 
have. One morning I went into the men's bathroom at the Chicago Mercantile 
Exchange, and as I approached the only urinal not in use, a floor trader using the 
urinal next to the one I was about to use turned his head, looked at me, and said 
in a very cautious tone, "Don't use that one, you can wait for mine, I'll be done 
in a second." I gave him a puzzled look, and he then pointed to a penny that was 
at the bottom of the urinal. I gave him another puzzled look because I didn't 
 53  
have the slightest idea about what he was trying to communicate to me. As 
I proceeded to use the urinal with the penny in it, he turned with a nervous 
expression on his face and strode away from me as quickly as he could. 
Later on that day, I told one of my floor trader clients about this 
experience and asked if he knew what was going on. He said certainly, that 
it was very common knowledge that money at the bottom of a urinal is a 
bad omen and certainly something to be avoided. After I thought about it 
for a moment, I wondered what would happen if I went through the entire 
exchange and put pennies in all the urinals. 
This story illustrates how the typical trader is caught in a psychological 
trap of refusing to plan and create structure for his trading activity, so that 
he can avoid taking responsibility for his results. And by doing so, he is 
subjecting himself to being tossed around by the whims of the crowd, at 
the mercy of his own unrestrained impulses, finding himself in winning 
and losing positions, not knowing why or what to do next. This trap is 
extremely negative because it creates a potentially damaging psychological 
condition I call random winning and random losing. If you can't define 
your own behavior and that of the markets, you can't learn how to repeat 
your wins or prevent your losses. 
When you win it is so pleasurable, it creates a need to repeat it and 
compels you to try again. When you follow the crowd (instead of 
anticipating the crowd, which would take planning) or trade off news items, 
tips, or isolated signals from technical systems, the anticipation of the next 
attempt to win automatically produces fear and anxiety. 
Why? Because, you can't define the market conditions or the decision-
making process that produced the last win, and so you can't assure yourself 
of the next. 
If you don't know what you did to win the last time, you obviously don't 
know what to do to keep from losing this time. The end result is intense 
anxiety, frustration, confusion, and fear. You feel out of control, 
experiencing a sense of powerlessness as you are swept along by the 
ensuing events and wondering what is the market going to do to you today. 
Consider that the markets can't do anything to any trader who 
completely trusts himself to act appropriately, in his best interests, under all 
market conditions. And before people can trust themselves in this manner, 
they would first have to define all those conditions and be able to recognize 
them. 
Understandably, taking responsibility is something that is extremely 
difficult to do. We don't live in a society that has a highly evolved concept 
of the growth process, and as a result, we learn to become very intolerant of 
"mistakes." I say this because we are basically taught as children and, 
therefore, in turn teach our children through our ridicule of them that 
mistakes are something that diminish one as a person. Ridicule does not 
enhance a child's willingness to accept responsibility, and if he doesn't, the 
typical parent will then criticize the child for being irresponsible. 
 54  
Taking responsibility is a function of self-acceptance. You can measure 
this degree of self-acceptance by how positively or negatively you think of 
yourself when you make what you perceive as a mistake. The more 
negatively you think of yourself, the greater your tendency to avoid taking 
responsibility, so you can avoid the pain of your harsh thoughts, thus 
generating a fear of making mistakes. However, the greater the degree of 
self-acceptance you have for yourself, the more positive your thoughts will 
be and the greater the degree of insight you will be able to extract from an 
experience, instead of generating fear. The more self-accepting you are, 
the easier it is to learn because you are not trying to avoid certain 
information. 
I don't know of any national prerogative to teach children how to accept 
themselves in spite of their "shortcomings" as perceived by the adults in 
their lives. If people had a more accepting attitude about the outcome of 
their actions, they wouldn't have a need to avoid taking responsibility. 
To be successful, the market forces you, as a trader, to be responsible in 
completely new ways. For example, you can't put on a trade and then 
release your responsibility to the market to do something for you, like give 
you money. The market is a fluid, ever-changing event, where at any 
moment some other trader may decide to jump in with enough force to 
change the expectations of other traders participating to the point where 
they reverse their positions and as a result completely negate the potential 
you believed existed a moment ago, when you put on your trade. 
In our everyday lives, objects are very stable, and day-today events do not 
change at anywhere near the rate and frequency that conditions change in 
the market environment. Relative to the nature of the market environment, all 
of us take it completely for granted that the buildings, trees, traffic lights, 
and streets we all know are completely stationary and will be there from one 
moment to the next. You didn't walk out of your front door this morning to 
discover the street you live on doesn't look just as it did the previous 
evening when you walked inside your home. If getting to the office or your 
place of employment represents an opportunity to make money, you would 
take it completely for granted that it would be possible to get there in familiar 
ways. 
However, as a potential opportunity to make money comparable to that 
afforded in the markets, what if the location changed on a moment-to-
moment basis, what if the streets also changed their location in 
relationship to each other, and, furthermore, what if no one cared if you 
ever found your way there, making you and you alone completely 
responsible for where you end up? 
It just makes sense that to function in the market environment 
effectively you will need to make yourself accountable. Otherwise, how 
could you ever learn how to trade, if you allow yourself to be swept into or 
out of something by forces outside of you and inside of you that you can't 
identify and don't want to? The market's behavior will seem mysterious 
 55  
because your own behavior is mysterious. You will be in a constant state of 
confusion, anxiety, and fear because you don't know what to do next—the 
kind of state of mind that breeds superstition. 
Understanding yourself is synonymous with understanding the markets 
because as a trader you are part of the collective force that moves prices. 
How could you begin to understand the dynamics of group behavior well 
enough to extract money from the group, as a result of their behavior, if 
you don't understand the inner forces that affect your own? When you do 
understand the inner forces that affect your behavior and take 
responsibility for what you do and don't do, and what you can or can't do, 
you will begin to perceive how and why other traders comprising the 
group behave the way they do. 
When you attain some degree of control over yourself, you can then see 
how other traders are not in control of what happens to them, like blades 
of grass, all bending to the force of the prevailing wind and constantly being 
stepped on. You won't be able to see this until you are no longer a blade of 
grass yourself by evolving beyond the group mentality. Then it becomes 
much easier to understand the group's behavior, anticipate what they will 
likely do next, and take advantage of it to the best of your ability. You will 
understand the group, certainly, to no greater degree than you understand 
yourself Creating definition and rules to make yourself accountable is but 
a first step on the road to lasting success. You could acknowledge their 
necessity and establish them, but then find to your dismay, it is extremely 
difficult to abide by them. In Part III we will examine the interacting mental 
forces that make it difficult to follow your own rules. 
 56  
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 7 
In the Market 
Environment,  
Reasons Are Irrelevant  
I have titled this chapter "In the Market Environment Reasons Are Irrelevant" in 
recognition of the traders who believe that if they can ascertain the reasons why 
the market did what it did, these reasons will help them to determine what the 
market will do next. To believe this assumes that traders know why they behaved 
as they did and that the reasons they give for their actions will aid in determining 
their future behavior 
The reasons traders would give for their actions are irrelevant. Most traders 
don't know why they did what they did because most traders don't plan their 
trades, thus eliminating any connection between themselves and the results of 
their trades. Most traders act spontaneously and impulsively and then ascribe the 
rationale for their behavior after the fact. Most of these after-the fact reasons are 
either justifications for what traders did or excuses for what traders didn't do. 
Fundamentally people trade to make money. And to make money, traders have 
to cake positions, hold their positions for some length of time, and then exit their 
positions. When traders enter and exit positions, they act as a force on prices, 
making them move. When they are observing the market, waiting to enter 
or holding a position, traders are a potential force that can act on prices at 
any given moment. If traders planned what they were going to do before 
they did it, then the reasons they would give for why they act as they do 
could definitely help other traders to anticipate how prices will be affected 
by their actions. This, of course, assumes that they will reveal their plans 
and that they will be telling the truth. There are only a few traders who 
make money on a consistent basis, and rarely will they reveal their reasons 
 57  
unless it suits their purposes. 
In fact, traders who are confident in their ability and know they can 
have a significant impact on price movement go to great lengths to keep 
information about their plans away from other traders because that would 
diminish the possibility of executing these plans. However, this is not to 
say that after they have taken their positions they won't purposely reveal 
what they have done to then draw other traders into the same position, 
forcing them to compete among each other to create price movement in 
their direction. On the other hand, traders who are not confident about 
what they want to do will gladly share their trading ideas with anyone who 
will listen, hoping to get some sort of confirmation that what they are 
about to do will work. So the after-the-fact reasons they offer for why 
they acted as they did usually just serve the purpose of easing the pain of 
what they perceive as their mistakes, which isn't particularly useful 
information. What is useful is understanding that traders typically act as 
a group, very similar to a school of fish or herd of cattle. Individual 
traders fall into specific groups that tend to perceive the same kind of 
market conditions as opportunities or disappointments. As a result, they 
will act in unison to upset the balance of the market, causing the prices 
to move in predominately one direction. The various groups take 
positions because they believe they can make money, and they get out 
because they are either losing money or perceive the possibility of making 
any more money as diminished in relationship to the perceived risk of 
losing money. For example, the locals on the floor of the exchanges have 
the least amount of patience, are the most impulsive, are the most easily 
disappointed, and consequently have the smallest price objectives and 
shortest time frame perspectives. As a result, they are the most active and 
will all be trying to do the same thing at the same time. 
Commercials and off-the-floor retail traders are two other groups that 
have different price objectives and time frame perspectives from each other. 
Individuals within these groups will also tend to act in unison, upsetting 
the balance in the market by their degree of participation or lack of 
participation at any given moment. You can determine what market 
conditions in which they are most likely to participate, what conditions 
will confirm their beliefs about the future, and what will disappoint them. 
Once you learn their unique characteristics, you can anticipate how one or 
more groups are likely to act and determine how their activity will affect the 
balance of the market and the potential for price movement. 
WHY DO WE TRADE? 
Every moment we exist we are interacting with the environment, 
expressing ourselves in our own unique way, and thus creating our lives by 
the way we live it. Everything we do in every moment is some form of the 
way we express ourselves. We express ourselves to fulfill our needs, wants, 
 58  
desires, and goals. Today most individuals can channel their energies to 
fulfill needs beyond the requirements of food and shelter, but to do so 
requires money. 
Money allows for a system of exchange where we can trade the goods 
and services created from individuals expressing themselves in highly 
specialized ways. Money has evolved to become the object of our needs 
because it represents the means or path by which we can express ourselves 
as individuals. All behavior is a form of self-expression, and almost any 
way in which an individual wants to express himself in our society requires 
money. So at the most fundamental level of cultural existence, money 
represents freedom of expression. 
Individuals expressing themselves in specialized ways create a highly 
complex system of interdependency. To exchange goods and services, 
individuals have to agree on the value of those goods and services to make 
an exchange. I am defining "value" as the relative degree of importance or 
potential something has in fulfilling a need. The actual price at which goods 
and services are then exchanged will be determined by the fundamental 
economic law of supply and demand. In psychological terms, the law of 
supply and demand is founded in human fear and greed. Both fear and 
greed will compel people to act or not act depending on their needs in 
relation to the perceived external conditions. The price for goods and 
services will be determined by the individual's needs in relationship to 
their belief in their ability to fulfill those needs. Implied within that belief is 
their perception of the availability of the goods and services they need. 
Greed is founded in a belief in scarcity and insecurity. Both beliefs 
generate fear. I am defining "greed" as a belief that there will never be 
enough available to fulfill oneself in combination with a belief that one 
always needs more to feel secure or satisfied. The perception that these 
conditions exist either internally or externally will generate a fear that will 
compel one to act or not act, depending on who controls the supply. The 
behavior someone displays will be consistent with what they believe they 
must do to satisfy the deficit. If two or more people have the same fears, 
they will typically compete among one another for the existing supply. 
If the supply of something is limited in relationship to the need, those 
that are in need will compete for the available supply. They will compete 
by their willingness to exchange more resources (pay more money) than 
will someone else who may also be in need. If, however, the supply is great 
in relationship to the need (demand), there will be no fear of scarcity; 
consequently, people will conserve their resources (money) by diverting 
them to other needs or just waiting for the possibility that the price may 
come down. 
Any system of interaction founded in individual fears of lack or scarcity 
will cause the price of goods and services to fluctuate in relationship to 
the relative degree of security or insecurity that is being experienced by 
the collective masses at any given moment. These fluctuating prices create 
 59  
economic risk for all those dependent on others to fulfill a need that they 
cannot fill themselves. What is risk? Risk is the possibility of a net loss of 
personal resources (energy, money etc.) in the exchange or pursuit of 
fulfilling a need. Fluctuating prices also create opportunities for those who 
are willing to assume the risk created by price movement. As long as there is 
disagreement between individuals about the value of goods and services, 
prices will fluctuate, thereby creating opportunities for traders to make 
money if they will assume the risks. 
 
DEFINITION OF TRADING 
I define trading as two parties exchanging something of value to fulfill 
some need or goal. In the context of the stock or futures markets, 
participants trade for the sole purpose of accumulating wealth or protecting 
physical assets from deteriorating in value. In essence, all traders in these 
markets, whether they are labeled speculators or hedgers, trade to 
accumulate wealth; it is only a matter of perspective. For the hedger the 
motivation to protect the value of an asset from economic risk is still to 
accumulate wealth. 
Hedgers will trade for a higher degree of economic certainty by 
transferring the risk created by changing prices to another willing trader. 
Typically, it will be the speculator on the other side of the trade willing to 
assume the risk of changing prices for the opportunity to accumulate 
wealth from those changes. For example, stock owners will sell their stock 
because they believe the possibilities for the future appreciation of the stock 
are either nonexistent or minimal in relationship to their assessment of the 
risk to keeping it. They may also sell even with expectations of future 
appreciation if there is a need to liquidate to satisfy other needs. The buyers 
(the other side of the trade) believe that the stock will appreciate in value. 
We can assume that the buyer believes this because people trade to accumu-
late wealth. 
Since the goal of a trader is to satisfy a need to accumulate wealth, we can 
assume that people will not consciously enter into a trade believing they 
will lose or fail at satisfying their needs. Because all traders have basically 
the same goals (to win), we can then state that no two traders enter into a 
trade unless they have opposing beliefs about the future value of whatever 
is being traded. Keep in mind that the current price of anything is always a 
reflection of what someone is willing to pay and what someone is willing to 
sell for in that moment. So, although there must be agreement between 
two parties for a trade to exist at a price, inherent within the transaction is 
complete disagreement between buyer and seller on the future value of 
what they are trading. For example, would I be incorrect in stating that any 
stock owner will not sell his stock if he believed it had potential for future 
appreciation. When he sells he has basically given up on the possibilities 
of future appreciation. Why did the buyer buy? To lose money? To be 
 60  
wrong? No, of course not. The buyer's belief in the future value of the stock 
is opposite that of the seller's. This disparity is illustrated even more clearly 
with futures trading. 
Of real interest is the academic community's belief that the markets are 
efficient, which assumes that traders have rational reasons for their 
behavior, knowing what they are doing and having a good reason for doing 
it. Academicians also believe that the markets are basically random, which 
seems to be a complete contradiction to a market that is supposed to be 
efficient. In fact, however, the market's behavior is mostly irrational, if you 
define rational as any action that is the result of a specific methodology or is 
planned in advance and definitely not random because irrational behavior is 
very predictable. If you want to learn to predict price movement, you don't 
need to pay attention to reasons. What you need to do is determine how the 
majority of traders perceive the external conditions in relationship to either 
their fear of scarcity, or their fear of missing out, or both. 
 61  
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 8 
The Three Stages  
to Becoming a 
Successful Trader  
Before we cover the three stages to becoming a successful trader, it would 
be a good idea to review some of the material already covered. In the market 
environment you have to make the rules to the game and then have the 
discipline to abide by these rules, even though the market moves in ways 
that will constantly tempt you into believing you don't need to follow your 
rules this time. This movement allows you to indulge in any illusion or 
distortion that suits you in any given moment. Certainly you wouldn't 
choose to feel pain (confronting your illusions about the market) if there is 
any reasonable information that would support the possibility of your 
expectation being fulfilled. 
In an unlimited environment, if you can't confront the reality of a loss, 
then the possibility exists for you to lose everything, in each and every trade. 
If you believe trading is like gambling, it isn't. In any gambling game you 
have to actively participate to lose and do nothing to stop losing. In the 
market environment, you have to actively participate to get into a trade and 
actively participate to end your losses. If you do nothing, the potential exists 
to lose everything you own. 
When you participate in gambling games, you know exactly what your 
risk is and the event always ends. With the markets you don't ultimately 
know what your risk is, even if you are disciplined enough to use stops, 
because the market could gap through your stops. Also because the event 
never ends and is in constant motion, there is always the possibility of 
getting back what you are losing in any trade. You won't need to actively 
participate to get back what you are losing; you just have to stay in your 
 62  
trade and let the market give it to you. As a result, there is the constant 
temptation not to cut your losses which is very difficult to resist. Why 
choose pain over the possibility of being made whole, when all you need do 
is ignore the risk. 
 
 
YOU CREATE YOUR EXPERIENCE 
OF THE MARKET 
Each equilibrium (the current price) presents every trader with an 
opportunity to either buy low or sell high relative to the next change. 
Except for the time it takes to execute a trade, it is basically the same market 
for all of us. You are either able to perceive any given equilibrium as 
opportunity to execute a trade, or you can agonize over what you believe is 
a missed opportunity from the last price change, or you can refrain from 
taking the trade at the current price—even though you perceive it as an 
opportunity—because you fear the market might make you wrong. The 
market does not create the ways in which you perceive it; it merely reflects 
what is going on inside of you in any given moment. 
Whether you perceived the current market condition as an opportunity 
and didn't act on your perception, or didn't realize it was an opportunity 
until after the move occurred is, again, a direct reflection of your unique 
psychological makeup. You attach the meaning to any particular move. 
From an objective perspective the next tick up can be described as the 
price just moved one tick up from the previous price. That is a reality 
about that one-tick price change we all share. However, to one trader that 
one up tick could be the final defeat in a short position he had been 
carrying. To another trader, it could mean a perfect selling opportunity 
because the market just can't go higher. 
To a third trader it could mean a buying opportunity because the market 
broke out of a resistance area, based on the way he defines resistance. 
The market neither chooses nor has any way of choosing the meaning 
you attach to any particular price change or market condition. For example, 
you could perceive an opportunity to sell high and act on that perception 
by entering the market with a short position. From the point you entered, 
let's say the market went in your favor and then violently reversed itself. In 
doing so, it very quickly went through your entry point and kept on going 
up with only a few rest periods and minor little retracements. 
Each rest or retracement could have been an opportunity to get out of 
your short position and reverse yourself. What would stop you? The answer 
is inside of you. If you breathed a sigh of relief each time the market paused 
or retraced a bit, choosing to believe it was finally all over, then I ask you, 
What is all over? Is it possibly the fact that you won't have to confront 
yourself and say I'm wrong. That again is inside of you. You choose (based 
on the makeup of your mental environment) to believe the pauses were 
 63  
stopping points, relief from confrontation, instead of a possibility to take 
advantage of an opportunity to eliminate your risk and a high probability 
to accumulate a profit by reversing yourself. 
The way the market seemed to you was actually the way you created it 
in your own mind. Out of all the available choices and alternate ways of 
considering the possibilities, you choose one particular way. Your own 
mental framework (controlling what and the ways in which you perceive 
information) locked you into that losing trade. The unique way you define a 
loss (your beliefs about it) and what it means to you is a component part of 
your psychological makeup. Your beliefs will interact with your perception 
of environmental information to form the particular way you pick and 
choose whatever information you happen to focus your attention on. The 
market has nothing to do with this process, even though that is where the 
information is coming from. 
In the trading environment the outcome of your decisions is immediate, 
and you are powerless to change anything except your mind. The power 
you have to create more fulfilling outcomes from your trading resides in 
your degree of mental flexibility. You have to learn how to flow with the 
markets; you are either in harmony with them or you are not. The less 
acceptance you have for different types of market behavior, the more the 
market seems to turn on you like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. In one moment it 
is satisfying all your needs; in the next it is like a greedy monster taking 
everything away. This Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde characteristic of the markets 
only represents your own mental inflexibility to flow with the changes and 
your lack of understanding—that you give yourself to the best of your 
ability what you end up with, out of what is available. And by the same 
token, what you lost, you gave away. 
You can't change what the market is doing. You can only change yourself 
in a way that allows you to perceive what it may do next with increased 
clarity and objectivity. As a trader you want to know what is going to 
happen next, yet, how can you begin to know what could happen next, if 
you refuse to open yourself up mentally in ways that allow you to perceive 
the most likely possibilities? It is a complete contradiction in thought to 
want to know what is going to happen next in an event over which you 
have no control and at the same time to maintain a rigid mental structure 
that allows for only a very limited number of possibilities. 
This contradiction in thought is the result of not understanding the 
nature of beliefs and how they limit a person's perception of environmental 
information. When you put on the trade, you had to have some belief about 
the future. What you need to do is learn how to release yourself from the 
demand your expectations be fulfilled exactly the way you expect them to 
be. Releasing yourself from the demand will allow you to shift your 
perspective to perceive whatever opportunities exist in the market now, as if 
you didn't have a trade on at all. 
All of us are in a position of having to pick and choose environmental 
 64  
information because we can't be aware of everything at once. If you pick and 
choose market information on the basis of having to justify your beliefs, you 
are putting yourself at an extreme disadvantage. You will be excluding from 
your awareness information that may be more indicative of the consistency 
of the market and its potential to move in any given direction. And it will 
be extremely difficult to learn how to develop a perspective for the "big 
picture," by expanding your time frame perspective. 
So even though you can't actually control the market's movement, you 
can learn how to control your perception of the market's movement in a way 
that allows you the maximum objectivity. Learning to perceive objectively will 
increase your ability to let the market tell you when to get in and when to get 
out. You can learn how to trade where you won't be using information to justify 
your beliefs but rather to perceive the most likely possibilities in any given 
moment. As you build a solid foundation of insight and understanding into the 
workings of your mental environment (which I will present in Chapters 9 
through 14), you will learn how to change yourself in ways that will allow 
you to perceive the markets from an objective perspective and eventually trade 
intuitively. 
What I will be offering you in the remainder of the book is a step-by-step 
process of how to adapt yourself to function more effectively in the trading 
environment. Essentially it is a process that will enable you to identify and 
manipulate your beliefs to be more consistent with your goals. 
There are two dominant themes that form the foundation for this approach. 
The first we have already briefly covered, that you create the market that you 
experience in your own mind based on your beliefs, perceptions, intents, and 
rules. And, second, your trading results will be a function of the degree of skills 
you develop in three primary areas: perception, or your ability to perceive 
opportunity; execution, or your ability to execute a trade; and accumulation, or 
your ability to allow your account balance to grow over a period of time or series 
of trades. 
PERCEIVING OPPORTUNITY 
Your perception of opportunity is a function of the depth of insight into the 
market's behavior. The depth of your insight into the market's behavior is 
equivalent to the number of distinctions you can make and the quality of these 
distinctions. Perception of opportunity is synonymous with your expectation of 
what the market will do next. To be effective, you will need to learn how to make 
kinds of distinctions that will provide you with an indication of a high-probability 
opportunity from an objective perspective, what I call making an uncommitted 
assessment of the probabilities. 
To be able to make some kind of quality distinctions that will eventually 
develop into a "vision" of the broader perspective, you will need to learn 
 65  
how to expand your time frame perspective of market activity. There are 
several components to this process, but the two most important are (1) 
instituting a completely disciplined trading approach and (2} learning how 
to release yourself from the negative emotional energy stored in the 
memories of any past trading experiences. 
The disciplined approach will naturally help you develop the degree of 
self-trust essential to function effectively in an environment that does not 
provide any external constraints to limit or control your behavior, as 
society does. Without the discipline, you will be at the mercy of your own 
unrestrained impulses and basically out of control. Consequently, without 
the self-trust that develops from the self-discipline, you will fear the 
unpredictability of your own behavior. At the same time, you will likely 
project this fear into the markets as being erratic and seemingly 
unpredictable, when it is your own behavior you fear the most. 
It would be ludicrous to think that you could understand the market's 
behavior to any degree greater than you understand your own behavior 
first. To grasp the fundamental nature of your own behavior, you will need 
to understand thoroughly all the effects fear has on your perception of 
environmental information. 
At the most fundamental level, fear will limit your awareness of market 
information that could clearly indicate those possibilities that are in your 
favor and those that are not. How could any deep level of insight into the 
market's behavior ever develop if you are constantly worried about what the 
market may do to you and cannot stay focused on the consistency and 
structure of the market itself. The market can't do anything to you if you 
trust yourself to act appropriately under any market condition. Learning this 
is the key to gaining the level of confidence every trader needs to be 
successful. 
In the larger perspective, fear will reduce the likelihood of you ever 
developing to the point of making the kinds of distinctions in market 
behavior where you acquire a "vision" of the big picture. When you 
understand how fear operates in your trading and have conquered it, you 
will be able to see how fear operates in the market as a whole and then be 
able to anticipate the group's reaction to certain kinds of information. 
If you did not start your trading career with the proper mental 
perspective or with a disciplined approach, then it is likely you have suffered 
some degree of psychological damage. I define psychological damage as any 
mental condition that has the potential of generating fear. The negative 
energy stored in these experiences (that create and support a belief about 
the threatening nature of the environment) will generate fear to the same 
extent as the degree of energy stored in the memory. 
By learning to release yourself from the pain, you will be reducing the fear 
and automatically opening yourself up to new awarenesses about the nature 
of the markets. You will be opening yourself up because fear will not be 
causing you to narrow your focus of attention. Instead of being focused on 
 66  
pain avoidance, you can be focused on what the markets are telling you. 
Learning how to release yourself from fear will also free you up to think of 
creative ways in which you can respond to the new relationships you are 
perceiving in the market's behavior. As a result, you will be increasing 
your confidence in your ability to respond appropriately to any given 
market situation. 
EXECUTING YOUR TRADES 
Your ability to execute your trades is a function of the amount of fear you 
generate or the lack of it. Fear is always the result of your beliefs about the 
threatening nature of the environment. What could be threatening about 
the market? Nothing, if you had the confidence and completely trusted 
yourself to act appropriately under any given set of market conditions. 
Essentially, what you fear is not the markets but rather your inability to do 
what you need to do, when you need to do it, without hesitation. 
In your relationship with the markets you had to learn what to fear. 
What you learned to fear was a result of whatever you did that caused pain. 
Your pain was the result of your not knowing what to do next that resulted 
in an outcome you neither expected nor intended. In the market 
environment you are free to act or not to act; the markets cannot do 
anything to you that you don't allow, even if it is out of ignorance or a 
complete sense of powerlessness. 
The effects of fear on one's behavior are obvious, limiting one to the 
point of complete immobility. If you can't execute your trades properly, 
even when you perceive the most perfect opportunity, it is because you have 
not released yourself from the pain contained in the memories of past 
trading experiences and because you still don't trust yourself to act 
appropriately in any given set of conditions. If you did, there would be no 
fear or immobility. 
ACCUMULATING PROFITS 
Your ability to accumulate profits either in a single trade or cumulatively 
with several trades over a period of time is a function of your degree of self-
valuation. This sense of self-valuation is, in fact, the most important 
psychological component of success and will override all others in 
determining your results. 
Your degree of self-valuation will regulate how much money you will 
give yourself (the market doesn't give you the money, you give it to yourself 
based on your ability to perceive opportunity and execute a trade) out of the 
maximum potential available or perceivable at any given moment or time 
frame perspective. Regardless of the depth of understanding you have of 
 67  
market behavior or what you consciously intend, you will only "give" 
yourself the amount of money that corresponds to your level of self-
valuation. 
This concept can be explained with a simple illustration. If you perceive 
an opportunity, based on your definition or what market conditions 
constitute an opportunity, and do not follow through by executing a trade, 
what stopped you? In my mind, there can be only two possible reasons. You 
were either immobilized by the fear of failure or you are struggling with a 
belief (value) system that says you don't deserve the money. Otherwise, you 
would have acted on your perception. 
SELF-ACCEPTANCE 
The second theme that provides a foundation for the belief system I am 
offering is that personal transformation, growth, and learning new skills are 
a function of self-acceptance. Your intent of learning a new skill or way of 
expressing yourself is in essence an attempt to create a new dimension of 
yourself. It is a goal you have projected out into the future that you will then 
attempt to fulfill by growing into it. 
The market will quite naturally make you face what is inside of you on a 
moment-to-moment basis. What is inside of you could be confidence or fear, a 
perception of opportunity or loss, restraint or uncontrollable greed, objectivity or 
illusion. The market just reflects these mental conditions, it does not create them. 
Therefore, to grow into a new expression of yourself (fulfill your goal of being 
a more successful trader), you will need to learn how to accept the existence of any 
of these negative mental conditions and the psychological components that create 
them. Cultivating a belief in accepting whatever you find inside of yourself will 
give you the base you need to work from to change these conditions. 
To illustrate this concept of self-acceptance, I will relate to you an example of a 
floor trader who came to me for assistance because he wanted to change his 
trading style. When he first went down to the floor he got caught up in scalping 
because it seemed like the easiest way to make money. However, he soon found 
that trying to scalp for one or two ticks in the bond pit was just too physically 
exhausting because he had to compete with so many traders. So he decided that he 
needed to learn how to hang on to his trades for more than one or two ticks. 
The first thing we did was to preplan his trades. We used some fairly simple 
techniques to identify intraday support and resistance points within a 7- to 10-
tick range. The plan was for him to stand in the pit and wait for the price to hit 
his target (buy support or sell resistance), execute the trade, wait for the market to 
hit his objective, and then exit the trade. If the market traded through his entry 
point in the opposite direction by more than two or three ticks, he was supposed 
to execute the loss without hesitation. Based on our assessment of the reliability 
of the support and resistance numbers, we believed he didn't need to risk more 
than two or three ticks to know if the trade was going to work or not. 
The first day that he tried to execute his plan, he did very well waiting for the 
 68  
market to hit his entry point. However, when it came time to execute the trade, he 
couldn't do it. He was supposed to buy at a support level, and he didn’t do it 
because he thought it was going to keep on going lower. When the market 
didn't keep on going lower and bounced two and three ticks higher than 
what was his original entry point, he went ahead and bought one contract. 
From there he was supposed to wait until the market rotated back up to test 
the resistance which was 10 ticks higher than his originally intended entry 
point, but now it was only seven ticks away. 
Instead of waiting for the market to rotate to his objective, he got out of 
the trade as soon as he had a two-tick profit. A short time Later when the 
market rotated up to the resistance area, he did the same thing that he did in 
the first trade. He didn't get in at his price because he thought the market 
was going to keep on going; it didn't, and he sold three ticks lower than he 
originally intended and then got out for a one-tick profit, not waiting for a 
full rotation. 
When we talked about what he did later on that day, he was extremely 
displeased with himself. He made himself accountable, but he did not do 
what he was supposed to. He didn't get in at the price he intended or out 
where he intended, "leaving several ticks on the table," so to speak. This is 
a very wealthy man who only had to risk two or three ticks at the most to 
find out if the trade was going to work and couldn't do it. By the same 
token, he was so desperate for a win that he couldn't wait for his profit 
objective, stating that he couldn't hang on because he has been burned too 
many times. 
Obviously his backlog of negative experiences had nothing to do with the 
market's behavior or the probability of any particular strategy working or 
not. What was even more important, however, was his lack of acceptance 
for his current level of skill development. His intense anger over his 
performance clearly indicated that he could not accept where he was at or 
the results it produced. That first day was not a positive experience for him, 
even though he had his first winning day in a long time. His lack of self-
acceptance certainly won't help him hang on to winning trades in the future; 
in fact, he will be digging himself into a deeper hole that he will eventually 
have to work his way out of if he wants to achieve the success he desires. 
As time went by, he became increasingly more confident with his ability 
to define an opportunity with a high probability of success. Almost every 
trade he put on would immediately go in his favor, so he would rarely find 
himself in a losing trade. But each day was also becoming ever more 
exasperating because he was still only holding on for a one- or two-tick 
profit and leaving several ticks on the table as the market rotated to test the 
next level of support or resistance. 
What was even more difficult for him to deal with was that many times 
he had bought the low or sold the high of the day. Of course, he didn't know 
at the time it was going to be the high or low of the day, but looking back, 
he just couldn't deal with the fact that he only got one or two ticks out of it. 
 69  
I knew the pressure was building inside of him because each day he had 
more excuses related to the market for why he wasn't doing what he was 
supposed to and had less and less tolerance to listen to anything I had to say 
about the situation. All these excuses were just an indication that he would 
not accept who he was in relationship to who he desperately wanted to 
believe that he already was. He was obviously indulging himself in illusion. 
To be the person he wanted to believe he already was would require that he 
learn how to be patient, acknowledge who he now was so he could 
concentrate on what he needs to learn and forgive himself for what he 
believed to be his past mistakes and inadequacies. 
However, this would be very difficult because being impatient with 
other people had always got him what he wanted as long as he was dealing 
with people who perceived themselves as weaker than he. So why should 
he have to learn how to be patient now? Besides if he was patient with 
himself, it would make it difficult to justify his impatient, intolerant stance 
toward others who didn't "learn" fast enough or made "mistakes." 
I didn't hear from him for a while and I just assumed that he wasn't 
doing anything different. Then one day after the close he called to tell me 
that he was going to start trading a 20-contract position. Otherwise nothing 
else about what he was doing had changed, except that he had several 
winning days in a row consisting of one- and two-tick winners. 
I knew he was setting himself up for a big losing day, although I didn't 
indicate this to him in our conversation. In his mental system he was 
reasoning that by trading a larger contract size he would make enough 
money to prove to himself and everyone else that he had finally arrived, 
that he was a successful trader and that he was not a person subject to 
deep-rooted fears. Not being one to stand in the way of "progress," all I 
said was that I didn't think it was very prudent for him to be trading a 20-
contract position, since he hadn't developed the psychological or 
mechanical skills to handle a position of that size. He grunted and hung up 
the phone. 
The next day he lost almost $3,000.00 trading 20-contract positions. He 
gave back to the markets all his profits, plus more, from all his successful 
efforts over the last two and a half weeks of trading. At that point he was 
ready to listen to a plan on how he could learn how to be more accepting of 
himself and how to hang on to his winning trades. 
The following is another example of a trader who has learned self-
acceptance. This trader works for a local brokerage firm, manages hedge 
positions for financial institutions, and also trades for his own account. I 
started working with him on a fairly regular basis about three years before 
the experience I am about to relate. 
He called me one day to tell me how proud he was of reversing his 
position on his last trade of the day. He said he cut his losses without 
hesitation and reversed his position from being short to going long. He was 
delighted that he felt no conflict, resistance, or mental anguish. He 
 70  
recognized what needed to be done and he did it. However, shortly after 
he did his reversal, one of the floor traders, who worked for the same firm 
filling customer orders, called him from the floor with some friendly 
advice that he should get out of his long position. 
Now, my client had resolved long ago that he would not place any 
significance on another trader's perception of the market. He had excellent 
knowledge of the markets and believed he could trust his ability 
completely to define opportunity and make assessments of the potential 
for the market to move. At least he thought he believed he trusted himself. 
After he got the phone call, he knowingly allowed himself to be influenced 
by what this floor trader had to say and exited his position. Within 10 
minutes of doing so the market (bond) rallied 15 ticks, just about what my 
client originally thought it had the potential to do when he put the position 
on. 
He left 15 ticks on the table because he let another trader influence his 
perception of the market. However, he did not view this experience as a 
missed opportunity. He viewed it as an example of how he hadn't, as of yet, 
completely released himself from other people's opinions of the market. 
He didn't miss an opportunity because given the environmental conditions 
he was working under (someone calling him was an environmental 
condition he had no control over other than not to place any significance on 
the information); he simply was not psychologically prepared to take 
advantage of the opportunity. If he had been psychologically prepared, he 
would have stayed with his original plan, realizing that someone else's 
perception of the market isn't going to be any more objective than his. 
Furthermore, considering the skills he had already developed, their 
objectivity would usually be a lot less. 
As you cultivate a stronger belief in self-acceptance, you will then realize 
how the market reflects back to you your level of skill development along 
with the information that will indicate what you need to work on to become 
ever more successful. Each moment will then become a perfect indication 
of your skills and your degree of self-valuation, giving you a solid base 
from which to improve and learn. 
You will eventually understand at a very practical level how you are 
always doing the best you can because your outcomes will be the result of 
your depth of insight into the nature of the market environment and your 
ability to act on whatever you perceive. 
There won't be any reason not to accept these results as you increase 
your understanding of how to adapt yourself to suit any particular set of 
environmental conditions and realize the power inherent within this 
understanding. If you were to deny this perfection of the moment (a lack of 
self-acceptance), you would, in effect, be denying yourself the kind of 
information you need to grow into the skills you are attempting to learn. 
You can't grow or expand if you are denying the existence of 
environmental information that would clearly indicate your level of 
 71  
development. Nor can you acquire effective skills when you try to build 
from a base of illusion about the nature of the environment and yourself. If 
you won't acknowledge your true starting point, you cannot take the next 
most appropriate step in the development of any skill you intend to learn. 
The most essential component in the process of transformation is learning 
how to recognize and then clear out beliefs that argue for the status quo, 
beliefs that defend against the intrusion of environmental information you 
refuse to consider, and learning how to read the environment in a way that 
will clearly point to the most appropriate path to fulfilling yourself. 
 72  
 
 
 
 
 
PART  III  
Building a Framework  
for Understanding  
Ourselves 
 73  
At the start of this book, I said it would be a step-by-step guide in the 
process of adapting yourself to the trading environment. The first step in 
this process of adaptation is recognizing the need to adapt. If you can't 
manipulate or force the markets to change in a way that suits your needs, 
then you will need to learn how to change yourself to suit the conditions. 
The market places no limits or constraints on the ways in which you choose 
to express yourself, in that respect; unlike in the cultural environment, you 
have all the power. The primary purpose of Part II, The Nature of the 
Trading Environment from a Psychological Perspective, was to point out 
some of the vast differences between the trading environment and the 
social environment we were taught to function in and to demonstrate 
clearly a need for a new perspective. 
The next two steps in this process are to learn how to (1) identify exactly 
what changes you need to make to function successfully in the trading 
environment and (2) how to effect any mental changes that are necessary. 
Manipulating the physical environment is as easy as moving a chair from 
one place to another because that's where you want or need to sit. However, 
to consciously change yourself to function more effectively in a market 
environment that will not respond to your attempts to manipulate it will 
require a thorough understanding of the nature and functioning of your 
mental environment. 
The types of changes you will need to make will fall into two broad 
categories. First, you will need to learn some sophisticated mental skills to 
adapt yourself more readily to the constant changes with which the market 
confronts you—which will require neutralizing some commonly held 
cultural beliefs about success. (These are the beliefs that have the potential 
to distort market information.) Second, you will likely need to undo any 
psychological injury you may have sustained from your previous trading 
activity. Any psychological injury diminishes your capacity to execute your 
trades properly. 
There are obviously a multitude of substeps to learn how to identify what 
you need to learn, what you need to change, and how to make those 
changes. The six chapters in this part are organized to take you through this 
process of adaptation by providing you with the insight you will need to 
understand what you have to do and why.  
The first thing you will need is a structural framework to make the 
things that go on in your mental environment more tangible and concrete. 
To give you this framework, I will describe, define, and organize the 
component parts of the mental environment into a manageable context to 
where you can (1) understand your behavior, (2) learn the various 
techniques for manipulating your mental environment at your conscious 
direction to be more consistent with the environmental conditions and your 
goals, and (3) learn how to monitor your relationship with the exterior 
environment. 
It is essential that you learn how to monitor your relationship between 
 74  
the interior and exterior environment because our goals, intents, 
expectations, needs, and wants are all component parts of our mental 
environment that we project out into the physical environment for 
fulfillment in some future moment. In other words, they are all 
components of the mental environment that either happen or don't happen 
in the outside physical world. You need to be able to recognize immediately 
(especially as a trader) when you have the potential to distort the outside 
information to be consistent with the inner components. These distortions 
will inevitably result in pain and psychological injury. 
What I intend to demonstrate in the following chapters is even though 
you cannot turn your eyes inward to actually see these mental component 
parts of the mental environment, it doesn't make them any less real. Besides, 
it isn't necessary to turn our eyes inward because we can just as easily learn 
to define what is inside of our mental environment by what we see and 
experience in the outside physical environment. By making the connection 
between what we believe and what we experience, it will be a lot easier to 
change what we experience by learning how to manipulate our beliefs. 
We will examine the nature of beliefs and how they act as environmental 
information management systems. I will demonstrate how our individual 
beliefs about the nature of the market, and our expectations of what it will 
do next, manage and control the type and quality of information we 
perceive about it. By breaking down the dynamics of perception, you will be 
able to identify the various ways in which all of us place mental limitations 
on the market's behavior and how these limitations cause us to distort 
market information. 
We will thoroughly explore the nature of fear and how it compels all of 
us to act without a perception of choice. The predominate underlying 
force behind most traders' actions causing prices to move is fear—the fear 
of missing out (competing for the supply) and the fear of loss. If you really 
want to understand the market's behavior to anticipate what it will do next, 
then you will first have to learn about and understand the underlying forces 
beneath your own behavior and how you process and manage information. 
When you understand how any number of typical market-related fears 
operate in your life and learn to release yourself from them, you will, in 
effect, be separating yourself from the "crowd." When you separate 
yourself from the "crowd" and expand what you know about the forces 
affecting your behavior to encompass the group, it will be much easier to 
anticipate what the group will do because they will merely represent a larger 
(collective) version of the way you used to be. In other words, you will know 
how other traders will behave before they do because you will be able to 
observe them from a detached perspective—due to your having evolved 
beyond the choiceless state of operating out of fear. 
As you gain in your understanding of how beliefs interact with 
environmental information to control your perception and form your 
experience, along with learning how to distinguish between wishful 
 75  
thinking and what the market is indicating about itself, you will eventually 
be able to learn how to control your perception of the market activity in a 
way that allows you the greatest amount of mental flexibility, where you 
will be able to shift your perspective to flow with the markets and execute 
your trades without hesitation. If you can't change or control what the 
market is doing, then the only option you have left is to control yourself in a 
way that allows you to perceive what the market may do next with increased 
clarity and objectivity, requiring a thorough working knowledge of the 
nature of your inner environment in relationship to the outer physical 
environment. 
 76  
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 9 
Understanding the  
Nature of the 
Mental Environment  
Understanding yourself and learning how to function inside your mental 
environment is not as difficult as you may think it is. It does, however, 
require that you gain a thorough understanding of the general 
characteristics of the mental environment, its component parts, and how 
they work, which is exactly what this part of the book is designed to give 
you. 
The only reason why any of this would seem so difficult is because we 
aren't taught how to do it when we are young. In fact, we are usually taught 
exactly the opposite—that the mental environment is a mysterious place 
that can't be understood. As a result, we end up defining mental 
components in a haphazard fashion without ever really understanding the 
relationship between the components, or the relationship these components 
have with the outside physical environment in the ways that determine how 
we experience our lives. So, if you are going to consciously transform or 
adapt yourself to function more effectively as a trader, you will need a very 
fundamental and practical understanding of the nature of these mental 
components and how they operate. As will be explained in a moment, there 
are vast differences in the characteristics of the mental environment (inner) 
and physical environment (outer) in which our bodies occupy space. 
Understanding these differences is a key ingredient in the process of 
changing yourself. 
As a simple example, the book you are reading exists on the outside of 
you, whereas the label of book (i.e., your mind's perception of the book) or 
any other thoughts or sensations you would experience as a result of that 
 77  
label and the meaning you attach is all occurring on the inside of you. 
Anything that goes on or that happens on the inside of you would 
constitute your mental environment; all your experiences and memories of 
those experiences, all your beliefs, all the emotional energy attached to 
those beliefs, all your feelings, needs, wants, expectations, and goals, and 
all your thoughts, regardless of whether or not you have expressed these 
thoughts into the environment, make up your mental landscape. 
However, before we explore the differences between the inner and outer 
environments, I want to point out one characteristic common to the two. 
They are both constructed of many independently functioning parts 
("regions" would be a better word to describe the inner environment) that 
cooperate to make up the whole. Most people are very familiar with their 
body parts, even the ones en-closed within the body cavity. These parts are 
made up of cells that have distinct functions. They operate independently 
and cooperate with the other body parts. The sum total of these 
cooperating parts is our body. A simple illustration would be that eyes are 
not ears or lungs, they are distinct parts having unique functions within 
the whole. 
By the same token, the mental environment is composed of a number of 
cooperative but independently functioning regions that make-up the whole 
of who we are. For example, a belief is not a dream, nor is a thought an 
emotion. Beliefs, dreams, thoughts, and emotions are all separate parts of 
the mental environment that interact in the same manner (at least 
conceptually) that your hands will interact with your eyes or your finger 
with your nose or your lungs with your heart. I am pointing this out 
because most people do not think of their mental environments in such 
specific ways with highly refined distinctions among the various regions 
and the ways the components within those regions function.  
 
The following list provides some of the categories into which I have 
divided the mental environment and the components associated with each 
category that will be explained in the next five chapters. 
Positively Charged Emotions: Love, happiness, joy, confidence, 
peace, acceptance 
Negatively Charged Emotions: Fear, anger, hatred, jealousy, 
disappointment, confusion, impatience, stress, anxiety, betrayal 
Illusions:  Denials, rationalizations, intellectualizations, distortions 
Beliefs  
Intents: Goals, aspirations 
Expectations: Wants, desires, demands 
Needs  
Dreams: Sleeping dreams, daydreams 
 78  
Thoughts  
Attractions  
Memories  
Creativity  
Intuition  
This is not intended to represent a complete list of components and 
categories of the mental environment. However, it is comprehensive enough 
to serve the objectives of this book, which is to give you enough of a 
working knowledge of how they operate and interact to effect any changes 
you determine are necessary to trade successfully. 
WHAT EXACTLY IS THE MENTAL (INNER) 
 ENVIRONMENT? 
I am defining the mental environment as a place where all the sensory 
information from the physical environment (sensory information being the 
way in which the physical environment acts as a force on our eyes, ears, 
nose, taste, and touch) gets sorted, categorized, labeled, organized, 
associated with, and stored. Beliefs are formed and meanings get attached. 
The mental environment is where our experiences of the outside world form 
into a complex belief structure about the nature of the physical environment 
and our relationship with it. 
There are two things that I want you to note about this definition. First, it 
is limited, because it doesn't take into account mental activities that generate 
from within, exclusive of outside sensory information. This is something I 
will expand on later. Second, I am not including the brain as part of the 
mental environment, even though the activity of the mental environment 
takes place inside of the brain. (Why I am not including it will become 
clear in a moment.) 
One of the first characteristics you may notice about the mental 
components listed is that they are all intangible. You can't see, hear, touch, 
taste, or smell them, at least not as they exist in the mental environment. 
For example, no surgeon operating on living brain tissue has ever 
encountered his patient's beliefs, thoughts, dreams, or memories, even 
though he knew they were in there somewhere. Biochemists have 
discovered DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid) while working at the molecular 
level of tissue make-up and as of yet have not encountered one of the mental 
components listed earlier. Yet we know they exist because we can 
experience the results of someone's beliefs or thoughts as they are expressed 
outwardly in the physical environment through their behavior. 
Now, for those of you who are asking yourself how do these mental 
components exist if they aren't tangible and no one has ever directly 
 79  
experienced them? The answer is, they exist as a form of energy (and 
energy doesn't have mass). For example, light will pass through physical 
objects or reflect off them, but light will not displace anything, and 
electricity will pass through objects, not displace them. Entities made up of 
atoms and molecules will displace one another as they move into each 
other's space. 
For a long time the scientific community believed that the atom was the 
smallest, most fundamental building block of existence, only to discover 
later that within an atom is energy. What scientists haven't figured out yet 
is how does something that exists without mass (the energy within the 
atom) become something that does have mass—the atom. In other words, 
how does energy go from being non-physical to physical. Albert Einstein 
was once asked to give his definition of matter and he said "Matter is 
merely energy in a form that we can perceive by our senses." Even at the 
atomic level the book you are now reading and the chair you are sitting on 
to read it appear to your senses as if they are solid. However, that is not the 
case at all. Our senses cannot perceive things as they exist at the atomic 
level where everything is spinning and there is space between the atoms. 
However, the point I am making is that all matter exists as energy at the very 
deepest level of existence (within the atom), but not all energy exists as 
matter, as with light and electricity. 
In very general terms, mental energy, as it exists in its various, intangible 
forms as beliefs, feelings, emotions, and so on has the potential to act as a 
force on our behavior and consequently as a force on the outside physical 
environment corresponding to the way in which this energy is expressed. 
For example, mental energy in the form of a belief or memory of an 
experience can motivate a person to walk across a room to change the 
channel on his television set because he believes a program on another 
channel is more worthwhile or pleasurable, bid the price of a stock higher 
than the last price because he believes it serves his best interests, or motivate 
masses of people to go to war to defend or promote whatever they believe 
needs to be defended or promoted. These actions and their effects on the 
environment are the result of this mental energy expressed outwardly. 
WHAT IS EXPERIENCE? 
We experience the world with our five physical senses. This is common 
knowledge. But, when you get down to the very basics, what actually 
happens to our experiences of the environment as they go from the outer 
(physical) to the inner (mental) environment? What we see, hear, touch, 
taste, and smell at a physical level is transformed into electrical impulses of 
energy and is sent to the brain via the nervous system. That is, at the most 
basic level, tangible experience of the outside world is transformed into 
intangible electrical energy, meaning that the tangible medium where we 
experience our lives (the physical environment) does not have the same 
 80  
characteristics and properties of the medium that represents and stores these 
experiences on the inside of us (the mental environment). We will examine 
these differences on a more practical level in a moment.  
If, at first, it seems preposterous to think that our experiences 
(environmental information) are transformed into electrical energy, then 
consider that we have been using an analogous form of technology 
mechanically for years in the form of telephones and computers. 
Computers store information, sounds, and images in a number of different 
energy media. Telephones transport sounds and images in the form of 
electricity, light, or microwaves. As common-place as all this is, there is still 
something fascinating about a living process that transforms sensory 
information (tangible experience) into electricity and stores it that way. 
Everything that we have learned (as individuals) about the nature of our 
existence is stored in our mental environment at an intangible level, in a 
nonphysical reality (energy is real, yet it is nonphysical because it doesn't 
consist of atoms and molecules, thus it can be said that energy exists in a 
nonphysical reality). 
Earlier, I did not include the brain as part of the mental environment 
because it exists at the tangible level of atoms and molecules (physical 
reality), whereas the mental environment (energy in the form of beliefs, 
memories, emotions, and so on, about the nature of physical environment 
resulting from our experiences) does not exist at this tangible level. To help 
you understand this distinction between the brain and the mental 
environment, consider that the brain exclusive of the mental environment 
is no different from a computer that is not plugged into some electrical 
power source. In this analogy, the mental environment would correspond to 
the electrical energy that makes the computer run as well as store and carry 
the various forms of information the computer is designed to handle and the 
computer hardware (physical, mechanical, atoms, and molecules) would 
correspond to the brain. 
This is the reason why I stated in the beginning of the chapter that 
there are vast differences between the mental and physical environments. 
All the mental components I listed exist at the intangible level of energy 
and, more important, function with the same properties and characteristics 
of energy. To understand the nature of the mental environment, you need 
to understand the characteristics of energy. Thus, what I intend to do next 
is examine the properties and characteristics of typical energy forms like 
light and electricity and then compare them to the characteristics of the 
mental environment to establish a correspondence between the two. 
 81  
 
Finally, in the next five chapters I will tie all this material together to give 
you some very practical techniques to improve your ability to trade 
effectively. 
HOW DOES THE MENTAL ENVIRONMENT 
CORRESPOND TO THE CHARACTERISTICS 
AND PROPERTIES OF ENERGY? 
Energy Is Nondimensional 
As we already know, energy doesn't take up space in the physical 
environment because it doesn't displace anything that does take up space. 
This "no space" characteristic of energy gives it a nondimensional quality. 
In other words, anything that doesn't take up space also won't have any 
tangible dimensions of height, length, width, or circumference, at least not 
in the ways in which we would normally think of these properties. This 
nondimensional quality is probably the hardest concept to grasp about the 
nature of energy, because even though energy is nondimensional, it can 
take some form that is visible to our eyes. And anything that is visible 
should have dimensions that we can measure. It may seem like an obvious 
contradiction to say that energy can take a visible form and yet still not have 
dimension, but it is not. 
The best example to illustrate this is with holograms or holographic 
photography. With a holographic process you can create a three-
dimensional image in light projected into space that can be seen with the 
eyes, and it will appear to have length, width, and circumference. You 
could even measure the length or width of the image; however, your hands 
would pass right through the image if you tried, because there really isn't 
anything there, at least not in a physical sense. Images in light have no 
physical substance, so from a physical perspective, they also don't have any 
dimension. (Relative to physical objects, energy doesn't have dimension.) 
Memories or mental images (anything that we can see with our inner 
eye, like visualizations, daydreams, or night dreams) could operate very 
much like a hologram of laser light—an image of light that has no physical 
substance—where space as it relates to distance or dimension is not a 
consideration. The total area available inside of our skulls is quite small, 
especially in relationship to what will fit from a mental perspective. We can 
create mental images of any size or proportion, with none of the 
dimensional limitations that exist in the physical environment because these 
images, as an energy form, have no physical substance and thus exist in a 
state of form without dimension, taking up "no space." 
You can easily demonstrate this concept with a simple mental exercise. 
Close your eyes and picture the last place where you went on a vacation. 
Where did you stay? What side trips did you take? When you imagined 
 82  
where you went, did you get up and move from your present location in 
the physical environment. Did you imagine yourself getting up out of your 
chair to make all the preparations that would be necessary for such a trip? 
Did you get in your car and mentally drive each mile to your destination, as 
you would if you were actually going? Probably not; the image of your last 
vacation most likely just popped into your consciousness. It is as if you 
were instantaneously transported to these locations, without regard to the 
space or distance that you would need to travel to get there in the physical 
environment. There was "no space" between your present location and the 
image of the vacation spot you hold in your memories. 
The nature of our dreams also illustrates this nondimensional 
characteristic. First, there is no known limit to the type of dream 
landscape we could find ourselves in. Dreams can be as varied and diverse, 
if not more so, as the physical environment and all much larger than the 
space available inside of our skull cavity. Furthermore, in our dreams we 
can instantaneously change locations without actually traveling any 
distance. For example, you could dream that you are in the basement of 
your house and then in the next instant be in your living room, without 
actually having walked up your basement stairs or through other rooms to 
get to there. 
 
Speed 
The second characteristic the mental environment shares with energy is 
speed. Energy travels at an incredibly high rate of speed. Light, for 
example, travels at a rate of 186,000 miles per second, fast enough to 
travel around the Earth approximately eight times in 1 second. This is so 
fast that to our physical senses, it appears instantaneous or simultaneous. 
What I mean is, it moves so fast that our physical senses cannot detect the 
motion. Obviously, we can see the light, but we cannot actually see it moving 
from any given source to some distant point. For example, when you turn on a 
light in a dark room, does the room become illuminated in stages as the light 
travels from its source to the walls? No, to our eyes the room fills with light 
instantaneously, seeming to be everywhere at once, in a flash. Our eyes are not 
constructed in a manner where we can make any distinctions in movement, so 
it seems as if it doesn't move at all. 
This instantaneous characteristic of light relates quite well to the mental 
environment. As I pointed out earlier, dream travel can be and usually is 
instantaneous. While you're having a dream, in one instant you could be in a 
house and the next you could be on the other side of the world. There really isn't 
any travel time between these dream locations. Whatever, mental mechanism 
prompts the change, it creates a simultaneous transfer, probably taking as much 
physical (clock) time as it does for light to fill up a dark room. 
However, there is another mental characteristic (actually more of a 
phenomenon) that best illustrates the speed at which the mental environment 
 83  
operates. This is something that is not experienced by very many people, but 
nevertheless reported by enough people in completely separate, unrelated 
incidents to confirm its validity. What I am referring to is the phenomenon of 
having one's life flash before one's consciousness in the form of a continuous 
mental image, from birth to the present. Something like this usually only 
happens in extreme life-threatening situations where the person believes that he 
is only moments from death. In those few moments before the expected death, the 
sights, sounds, tastes, smells, feelings, and emotions of one's entire life are 
reexperienced. 
Personally whenever I've read of or heard someone's recounting of such an 
experience, it baffled me. I didn't understand how a person's whole life could 
scroll before his consciousness in a matter of moments, when it took years to 
experience. However, after a great deal of contemplation, it occurred to me that 
the energy in which our experiences are stored moves at speeds that are so 
incredibly fast that it would make our lives seem quite short in comparison, thus 
making it possible for all our experiences to scroll by in moments, regardless of 
how long it took actually to have the experiences.  
All this might be a little easier to understand if you imagine, as I did, 
experiences stored in a stream of light very much like what you would see 
when you look at a distant star. There is a very good correlation here. For 
example, scientists tell us that many of the closest stars to the Earth, other 
than our sun, are so far away, that even at the incredible speed of 186,000 
miles per second, it still takes the light emanating from these stars hundreds 
of years to reach the Earth. This distance between the stars and Earth is so 
vast that it creates a steady beam of light, billions of trillions of miles long. 
So, when we look at any star other than our sun, what we are actually 
seeing is the light that left it hundreds or even thousands of years ago, thus 
what we are seeing is light from the star's distant past. Now, if we could travel 
along this beam of light back to its source, what we would be seeing is light 
from the star's more recent past (or future from the perspective of traveling 
toward the star) the closer that we got to it, until we arrived at the star's 
present. Light from the past, future (depending on one's perspective), and 
present would exist simultaneously within that beam. 
Now, imagine the sights, sounds, tastes, smells, feelings, and emotions of 
our experiences stored in energy as a stream of memories that we can travel 
along very much like this beam of light, where we can use our 
consciousness to roam between the distant past to the more recent past up 
to the present moment or project these memories out into the future. If the 
energy in which our experiences are stored can move at speeds that are 
equal to or approach the speed of light, then it would offer a credible 
explanation as to how it is possible for one's whole life to scroll before one's 
consciousness in a matter of moments. To illustrate this for yourself further, 
imagine all your experiences stretched out like a beam of light that you 
could travel along at the speed of light. At that speed, at even a couple of 
seconds of travel time, you could get through a great deal of information. For 
 84  
example, if we just arbitrarily decided that it took 10,000 miles of mental 
energy stretched out to hold 1 year's worth of experience, then, at the speed 
of light, you could get through almost 19 years of memories in 1 second. 
Recognition of this phenomenon helps us to grasp one of the most 
difficult concepts about the nature of the mental environment—that it 
exists outside of time, as we know it. That is, our physical senses lock us 
into perceiving an environment bounded by the limitations of time and 
three-dimensional space. We have to experience each moment in a linear 
sequence. We can't go backward and experience the past as it existed in the 
physical environment; once it passes, it's gone forever. Nor can we move 
ahead into the future. The past doesn't exist anymore, and the future 
doesn't exist yet. What does exist are these seemingly endless sequences of 
"now moments" in which we experience our lives. However, the mental 
energy our inner components consist of operates outside of our normal 
concept of time and space as it is experienced in the physical environment. 
In the mental environment there are no spatial boundaries or time 
constraints; we can think in any direction we please: past, present, or 
future. And, theoretically, there would be no limits or boundaries as to how 
much information could be stored. 
Simply stated, time is a function of our perception of movement over 
distance or three-dimensional space. In other words, to perceive time, you 
need two key components: space that has dimensions, and movement. Both 
these properties obviously exist in the physical environment. It has 
characteristics of three-dimensional space consisting of length, height, 
width or thickness, and circumference. Also the physical environment is in 
constant motion. The sun, other stars, the planets, and their moons are all 
in motion. And even though we can't directly perceive it, everything 
physical is in motion at the atomic and molecular level. Everything is 
spinning around something larger from the tiniest atoms and molecules to 
the largest stars and solar systems, including the atoms and molecules in our 
own bodies. 
This spinning motion of the Earth and its orbit around the sun acts as a 
force on the environment, changing day to night and night to day, creating 
the weather and the seasons as well as an endless number of other 
environmental cycles. All these cycles of environmental changes (including 
our own bodily cycles of growth, age, respiration, digestion, and so on, 
resulting from the movement of the atoms and molecules of our cells) act 
as a force on our physical senses, causing us to experience a constantly 
changing environment, one cycle after another, in straight linear fashion, 
thus giving us our perception of time that is always moving forward. If we 
couldn't perceive motion or some sort of movement over three-dimensional 
space to act as reference points to measure this movement, then we 
wouldn't be able to perceive the passing of time. For example, if we were 
conscious but somehow fixed in a state of suspended animation where we 
had no sensory input, no perception of movement of any kind, not even a 
 85  
heartbeat, it would be impossible to tell the difference between a few 
seconds or a few days. To measure time, you need a point to start from and 
a point to get to; these points can be measured off in distance or time, but 
you need three-dimensional space to get your points. 
We think in an environment that is more like a stream where our 
consciousness can roam freely between the past, present, and future without 
regard to time or space. Furthermore, the actual sequences of moments that 
exist in the physical environment have no effect on the energy our memories 
are stored in. Sequences of time only have an effect on the mental 
environment relative to the impact the environment is having on our senses 
in energy terms. You can easily demonstrate this to yourself by trying to 
reconstruct from your memory the last 24 hours, moment for moment. 
Difficult, isn't it. Now try to do it for a week ago today. The only things we 
remember are the significant events, the experiences that had the most 
impact on our senses, the ones with the most energy connected with them. 
That's because experiences are not recorded in our memories as moments 
of time; they are stored as charges of energy. And as such they have no 
relationship to the passing of physical clock time. 
Remember, energy doesn't exist as atoms and molecules and therefore 
relative to our perception of the passing of time, it is not subjected to this 
nonstop spinning of everything that is physical. Energy can remain static or 
be active. For example, someone or something could remind you of an 
experience that happened 20 years ago, an experience that you haven't 
thought of since it happened. When you tap into the energy of those 
memories, you will reexperience the sights, sounds, tastes, smells, and most 
important, the emotions of that time, as if nothing had changed. In your 
mind nothing has changed. The energy remained dormant for 20 years. It 
becomes active either when we choose to think or reflect about what is 
inside of us or when we are inadvertently reminded of what is inside of us. 
Significantly positive (pleasurable: happy, joyful, etc.) or negative (painful: 
terrorizing, angry, hateful) experiences are easily recalled because of the 
amount or intensity of the energy involved with the event. These types of 
experiences will pop into our conscious recollection, at will. But, try to 
remember every time in your life that you brushed your teeth, took a drink 
of water, opened your refrigerator door, or put your shoes and socks on 
and it's not so easy. These events are difficult to recall because there is 
very little energy connected with each of these types of experiences. 
Our memories are like pockets of energy that we may organize 
chronologically by date and time, as in the stream-of-light example. 
However, all the uneventful moments between the eventful moments seem 
to disappear without a trace or get compressed as if they never happened, 
even though we know that they did. We must have put on our shoes and 
socks a month ago today because we probably would remember walking 
around without them; that might be significant enough to remember. 
What we read, as an example, is usually quickly forgotten because there is 
 86  
very little impact the environment is having on our senses. Printed words on 
a page have very little visual impact in relationship to activities of a more 
experiential nature. For example, actually participating in a biology 
experiment will have a much greater impact from an energy perspective 
than will reading about one. The energy required to remember something 
that we read has to be generated from within in the form of concentration. 
So, the way in which we experience clock time is in relationship to what 
we are feeling (either physical or emotional impact) in any given moment. 
If, for example, you were experiencing terror, each second of clock time 
could easily seem like an hour or day. Each moment of a terrorizing 
experience seems to last forever because the environment is assaulting our 
senses. The impact is so painful that we can't wait for the experience to 
end to be out of that situation. We would therefore focus our attention on 
how long the event is lasting, while we were waiting for it to end, thus 
slowing down our sense of time. 
Pleasurable experiences seem to fly by (we have no concept of time 
passing) because we are in a state of joy and happiness, and nothing takes us 
out of these moments to feel something less than the joy. We come out of 
that state of mind when the experience starts to diminish in its degree of 
happiness causing us to focus more on the unpleasantness of what we are 
experiencing (some degree less than joy, even if it is boredom) compared to 
the happiness we were feeling. When our focus shifts from joy (no concept 
of time passing) to "I can't wait for this to end," our sense of time slows 
down in proportion to the unpleasantness of the experience. 
In the physical environment, experiences take place in moments of time 
that pass one after another, in linear fashion. What we experience in 
moments of time (through our physical senses) is transformed into 
electrical energy and stored as a memory relative to the degree of impact of 
the experience. Memories don't have any restrictions imposed on them by 
time because energy isn't physical. Time is one directional, whereas in our 
mental environment we are free to think about our memories at will or by 
just wanting to. We can experience them as a mental image, mental 
sounds, mental tastes, and so on. Each of our memories makes up a part of 
our identity, and because they exist as an energy form, they have the 
potential to act as a force on our behavior . Regardless of whether we are 
conscious of these specific forces or not they cause us to move through the 
environment in certain ways corresponding to what we have already 
experienced to create more experiences and more memories. 
Essentially, what I am stating is that our existence straddles two very 
different dimensions simultaneously. We live in and perceive three-
dimensional space, and, as a result, our physical senses are subject to the 
limitations of time, where one moment passes after another in straight 
linear fashion, whereas we think in a dimension where time and space as it 
is perceived in the physical environment doesn't exist. Now, there are some 
very important psychological implications within the concept that time 
 87  
and space don't exist in the mental environment, implications that have to 
do with our ability to experience happiness, fulfill our needs, and achieve 
our goals, which are all basically synonymous. However, before we address 
these implications, you will need to understand how experiences are stored 
in varying degrees of positively or negatively charged energy, what I call the 
"quality of energy" our memories are stored in. 
 88  
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 10 
How Memories,  
Associations, and Beliefs  
Manage Environmental  
Information  
From the moment we are born into this world, our existence acts as a force 
on the physical environment. We take up space that cannot be occupied by 
anyone or anything else. And, in turn, the physical environment acts as a 
force on our physical senses, creating a cause-and-effect relationship 
between ourselves and the environment. It is important for you to note now 
and for the rest of the book that I am defining the physical environment in 
the broadest sense possible, as everything outside of ourselves, including 
other people. Now, at the most basic level, we create experience for 
ourselves by the mere fact that we exist. To exist implies that our senses are 
alive and that we are interacting (acting as a force) with the environment, 
altering its makeup and consistency as we move through it. For example, 
our movement and behavior set off an endless series of chain reactions that 
alter the landscape in some way, shape, or form. And even when we aren't 
actively changing or manipulating the environment in some way, we are 
still taking up space and thus subjecting ourselves to atmospheric forces, as 
well as causing changes in the makeup of the atmosphere from our 
breathing. 
 
MEMORIES ARE STORED AS 
CHARGED ENERGY 
The experiences that result from this constant interaction with the 
environment will be transformed into electrical impulses of energy. As 
 89  
electrical impulses of energy, the experiences will carry an electrical charge. 
The charge will be either positive or negative, depending on the kind of 
impact the environment had on our senses. For example, a crying baby is 
acting as a force on the environment. More specifically, the baby is creating 
a sound that is acting as a force on the eardrums of everyone in his 
vicinity. How the environment responds to this force will create experience 
for the child and determine the electrical charge or quality of energy that is 
recorded in the baby's memory. 
"Quality of energy" is the relative degree of positively or negatively 
charged energy in which the experience is recorded. For example, if the 
environment responds to the child with a soothing caress, expressing love 
and a sense that his needs will be taken care of, then the experience will be 
recorded in the child's memory with some degree of positively charged 
emotional energy. The degree of positiveness will depend on the intensity 
of the experience, that is, the degree of impact the environment had on the 
child's senses. Pleasant, happy, joyful, and loving experiences will result in 
the storage of positively charged energy. If, however, the environment 
responds harshly, in such a way as to have a violent impact on the child's 
senses, by screaming (assaulting his eardrums) or slapping him to produce 
physical pain, then the experience will be recorded in the child's memory 
with negatively charged emotional energy to the same degree as the 
intensity of the experience. 
There are two basic components that make up the quality of energy in 
which our memories are stored. The first is the polarity of the charge, which 
could be positive, neutral, or negative. The second component is the 
intensity of the charge ranging from extreme positive, which would be an 
experience of maximum intensity creating a feeling of elation, to extreme 
negative, which would be an experience of unbridled terror. Quality of 
energy is an important concept for you to understand because it affects the 
type of beliefs we form about the nature of the environment, which in turn 
affects how we perceive information and interact with the environment. 
 
 
The Characteristics of Positively Charged Energy  
Positive energy is expansive. It promotes mental growth or learning by 
creating a sense of confidence, which in turn results in an openness to explore 
and discover the unknown. I am defining the unknown as anything that 
exists as a possibility in the physical environment that does not yet reside in 
some form in one's mental environment. Positive energy perpetuates our 
natural, childlike sense of curiosity and wonderment toward the 
environment that we are all born with. 
By following the interests of our natural sense of curiosity, we interact 
with the environment to create experience and learn something previously 
unknown to ourselves, thus generating a sense of excitement about life, as 
well as increasing our ability to operate in the environment more effectively 
 90  
because we are continuing to learn more about the way things exist. There is 
a direct relationship between how much we have allowed ourselves to 
learn about the nature of the environment and the degree of negatively 
charged energy in our mental environment. I am stating it this way with the 
emphasis on the negative because learning will take place quite naturally if 
there isn't anything in the inner environment to stop it. In other words, an 
absence of fear (negatively charged energy) is a critical factor in 
determining whether or not we will make ourselves available to learn 
anything new and continue to grow mentally. 
For example, playfully throw a child up in the air and catch him and he 
will beg you to do it over and over again. This is his way of interacting with 
the environment to perpetuate the feelings of a positively charged 
experience. Positive energy is expansive, compelling us to interact with the 
environment to create more experience for ourselves. The more we 
experience the more we learn about the nature of the environment. The 
more we learn about the nature of the environment, the better able we are 
to interact with it more effectively to fulfill our needs and achieve our goals. 
Positively charged memories give us that sense of confidence that allows 
to step out to try something new resulting in mental growth. 
The Characteristics of Negatively Charged Energy 
Now, throw the same child up in the air for the first time, as in the earlier 
example, but instead of catching him, accidentally drop him, and not only 
will he not ask you to do again, he will cower in terror at the very suggestion. 
The difference in his behavior, of course, is the result of the differences 
between the two experiences. In the first example, the experience was 
pleasurable, resulting in the storage of positively charged energy. In the 
second example, the experience was painful, resulting in the storage of 
negatively charged energy. 
Regardless of whether we were acting as a force on the environment 
(behavior motivated by our sense of curiosity) and got an unexpected or 
unintended painful reaction, or the environment, uninitiated by ourselves 
(other than the fact that we exist), acted as a force on us in a way that 
resulted in pain, the experience will result in the formation of a negatively 
charged memory. Painful memories will generate fear, causing us to 
perceive the environment as threatening in its ability to cause more pain in 
some future moment. The way we will perceive it as threatening will 
correspond to our memories of the experiences that resulted in pain in 
similar circumstances or conditions (the things we fear in the environment 
are those things we have learned to recognize as threatening). 
In contrast to the feelings of confidence and well-being that result from 
positively charged experiences, fear acts as a limiting or inhibiting force on 
both our behavior and our perception of environmental information. I am 
sure that everyone reading this book at some point has experienced the 
effects that fear can have on one's behavior. It can cause us to run from an 
 91  
obviously dangerous situation or completely immobilize us to the point 
where our body will not respond to any conscious command. Fear 
drastically limits our choices. It causes us to interact with the environment 
in ways that are limited to the structure of our memories, regardless of 
what the environment may be offering in the way of a new experience, or it 
causes us to avoid an experience completely. Interacting with the 
environment results in experience, and experience results in learning. If we 
experience the environmental present based on our individual past, or 
completely avoid experience altogether, we aren't learning what is being 
offered or available to be learned about the nature of the environment. 
The net result of a painful experience is that it creates a negatively charged 
memory, which in turn creates and perpetuates a cycle of fear. Cycles of 
fear then create cycles of discontent and dissatisfaction because we avoid 
experience. When we avoid experience, we cut ourselves off from the joy 
we feel when we are learning. Just as positive cycles are expansive, negative 
cycles are degenerative. Our painful memories keep us from learning how 
to interact with the environment in effective and satisfying ways that would 
result in happier and more fulfilling lives because we aren't learning what 
we need to know to experience something different. 
Fear limits both our range of behavior and our perception of 
environmental information. The ways in which it limits our behavior are 
obvious. However, there are many ways in which fear acts on our 
perception that aren't so obvious; in fact some of the ways can be very 
subtle and difficult to recognize, until one learns what to look for. As 
traders, it is essential that you be able to observe the market's behavior 
from an objective perspective. To observe objectively you will need to 
learn how to recognize a variety of subtle fears that will destroy your 
ability to be objective without really knowing it. This is a subject I will 
cover in much greater depth a little further on. However, before I can do 
so you need to understand the nature of associations and how perception 
creates an energy loop between the inside mental environment and the 
outside physical environment. 
ASSOCIATIONS 
Associations seem to be a natural characteristic of the way in which we 
think. That is, our brains are wired in such a way as to link similar forms 
of environmental information together automatically. We do this in 
basically two ways. First, there is a natural propensity to label people and 
objects based on some prominent characteristic and then categorize them 
into associative groups. After we categorize the groups by sex, hair color, 
skin color, profession, economic status, educational background, and so 
on, we then associate whatever experience or knowledge we have about the 
group with everyone and everything that has those same characteristics. For 
example, if we have a painful experience with a person who has a skin 
 92  
color different from that of our own, we will automatically associate every-
one with that skin color with the qualities of that one experience. 
The second way we associate is by linking extraneous sensory 
information with some event. We will automatically associate what we are 
smelling, tasting, hearing, or seeing along with the quality of energy of the 
primary experience. For example, a child getting spanked will associate all the 
other environmental information that his senses are inadvertently picking up 
with the pain he is feeling from the spanking. What he hears, smells, tastes, and 
sees will all be connected with the intensity of the force being applied to his body. 
So if there was some song playing on the radio or a distinctive odor in the air at 
the same time that he was experiencing pain, he will associate the song or the 
odor with the pain. 
Now, both these environmental distinctions (a certain song and a certain smell) 
will be connected with negative energy in his mental environment. When the 
child was getting his spanking he may not have even noticed either the song or 
the smell because his attention was obviously focused in other directions. 
However, in the future whenever he hears that song or smells that particular odor, 
they will automatically cause him to experience the negative energy connected 
with the spanking. Even if it is years later, and he is enjoying himself with the last 
thing on his mind being the memory of that spanking, if he hears that particular 
song or smells that particular odor, it will carry him back to that time as if it 
were the present moment, changing his experience from happiness to anger, 
sadness, or guilt. 
Of course, this same principle also works for positive experiences. A perfect 
example is many couples have "a song" that they associate with some intense 
sexual or loving experience. When they hear "their song," it will mentally put 
them into the feelings of the experience the song is associated with. In fact, the 
song can eventually come to symbolize the quality of the entire relationship where 
all the memories and emotions connected to those memories will run though 
their consciousness upon hearing the song. 
Associations are an automatic function of the way in which information gets 
organized in our mental systems. Most of these associations are inadvertent, 
meaning we have positively or negatively charged energy connected to various 
elements of the environment, and we aren't consciously aware of it. We can see, 
hear, taste, or smell certain things that, in turn, cause us to feel emotions and not 
know why because we don't consciously remember connecting the extraneous 
sensory information with the primary event. 
 
 
THE ENERGY LOOP BETWEEN THE 
PHYSICAL AND MENTAL ENVIRONMENTS 
None of us has access to "all" the environmental information that exists in 
any given moment. Our senses aren't constructed to allow us to pick up 
(see, hear, touch, taste, or smell) everything at once. If we can't be aware of 
it all, then we must have some mechanism by which we pick and choose 
 93  
what we do become aware of and give our attention and consideration to. 
What we learn creates an energy loop between the inner and outer 
environment. We can call this energy loop perception. "Perception" is 
recognizing—with our eyes, ears, nose, taste, and touch—in the physical 
environment what we have already learned about it. Mental energy works 
in conjunction with our physical senses to separate, categorize, and 
organize environmental information based on the distinctions we have 
learned to make. We recognize what we have learned in the environment 
because it is already inside of us. There has to be a mental framework to 
accept the information; otherwise, it gets rejected, labeled as meaningless, 
or not perceived at all, unless of course we are willing to construct a 
framework for it—being open to learn. 
 
Distinctions 
Distinctions make separations in environmental information where no 
previous separation existed. A child won't make a distinction between a 
spoon and pencil until someone teaches him the difference. Otherwise, he 
will instinctively put both in his mouth, until the information stored in his 
mental environment acts as a force on his perception to distinguish between 
the two. Environmental objects give off information about themselves, but 
the information that is perceived already exists inside of each individual, 
unless it is a first-time experience. The spoon and the information about what 
it is create an energy loop between the inside and the outside, where before 
the distinction was learned the spoon and he pencil would fall into the same 
category as something to put into the mouth. Anything we don't know, but 
exists in the environment as a possibility, is a distinction that we haven't 
learned to make yet. If we haven't learned to make the distinction, we won't 
perceive the various types of information the environment is giving off about 
itself. 
For example, if I were to open up my computer, what I would perceive 
would be very different from that of a skilled computer repair technician. 
All the various parts giving off information about themselves would mean 
almost nothing to me because there is no meaning inside of me. All the 
parts my eyes would be seeing would fall into that one large category 
because I haven't learned to make any distinctions between the various 
parts, whereas the technician would perceive the parts in a very different 
way because he understands the functioning of the parts and the 
relationship that they have with one another. That understanding is the 
mental framework that structures the particular way in which he perceives 
the parts. The parts would be giving off information about themselves that I 
couldn't perceive because I don't have the mental structure to perceive it. 
Learning how to read the markets to recognize an opportunity is another 
 94  
example to illustrate this energy loop between the inside and outside that we 
call perception. Traders act as a force on the market to move prices. Since 
most traders don't plan their trades or want to take responsibility for their 
outcomes they are highly susceptible to acting out of any number of fears. 
Traders who are motivated to act out of fear generally aren't aware that their 
fear drastically reduces the choices they perceive as available, making their 
behavior very predictable to an objective observer (someone not caught in 
the same cycles of fear). So under certain market conditions large groups of 
traders will all be trying to do the same thing—because of what they fear 
will or won't happen—upsetting the equilibrium, forcing prices to move in 
one direction. If you haven't yet learned to identify these conditions, you 
naturally won't perceive them when they exist because there has to be an 
energy loop between the inner and outer environments for perception to 
occur. 
I am sure everyone has had the experience of reading unfamiliar material 
a second, third, or fourth time and perceiving something new with each 
subsequent reading. What is happening here? With each reading you are 
building a mental framework that enables you to recognize what was 
available but unperceivable to you when it was read previously. That is, all 
the new insight that you garner with each reading was available from the 
book the moment you picked it up the first time. However, you weren't able 
to perceive what it had to offer in the way of insights or understandings until 
you created an energy loop that enabled you to perceive it; otherwise, the words 
get read but the insight goes by completely unnoticed even though you are 
looking right at it. 
In any given moment there is a vast difference between what each of us 
perceives and what is actually available in the way of possible distinctions from 
the environment's perspective. Take, for example, a salesperson who has learned 
to recognize the exact, most appropriate moment to ask for the order and close a 
sale. Or an auto mechanic who knows exactly what is wrong with a car by the 
kind of sounds that it makes. To the inexperienced salesperson or auto 
mechanic, these abilities will seem like magic because they will assume that they 
are hearing or seeing the same things as their experienced counterparts. 
However, that is not the case. They are not hearing or seeing the same 
information even though they are in the same sales interview or listening to the 
same car at the exact same moment. They are actually perceiving different 
environmental information because of the differences in the structure of their 
respective mental environments. The information that indicates the exact mo-
ment to ask for the order to close the sale is indistinguishable from everything 
else to the inexperienced salesperson. The same is true for the inexperienced 
auto mechanic. Consequently, neither one will perceive the existence of this 
information until they learn to make the appropriate distinctions. If someone 
wasn't there to teach them how to make these more refined distinctions that 
indicate the most appropriate moment to ask, they may never know about the 
existence of such information. By learning to make more distinctions, we 
 95  
increase the depth of our level of understanding of the cause-and-effect 
relationship between everything that exists. 
 
How Our Perceptions Shape Our Experiences 
We experience the environment through our senses. At the most fundamental 
level the world gets transformed into electrical impulses of energy, energy that 
carries information, as well as feelings and emotions ranging from extreme 
happiness to rage, elation to despair, love to hate, and all the degrees of feelings 
and emotions in between. Each first-time encounter with the environment 
creates a memory, distinction, or association that didn't exist previously. A first-
time encounter is any experience that is completely unique, like learning the 
meaning of a word that we have never heard before, and there is nothing in our 
mental environment to relate it to. These new memories, distinctions, and 
associations build into a mental framework that constitute what we have learned 
about the nature of the outside environment. 
Once we learn something, mental energy will then act as a force on our senses 
to recognize in the environment what we have learned about it. So there is a two-
way flow of energy; first, we learn something through some unique experience; 
then, we perceive what we have learned in the environment. Fear is a perfect 
example for illustrating this concept. We feel fear when we recognize in the 
environment anything that we have learned can cause us pain. We will feel this 
fear and consequently have a fearful experience because the negatively charged 
energy in our memories, distinctions, and associations will act as a force on our 
eyes, ears, nose, and sense of touch to recognize in the environment anything that 
is similar to what we have already learned can cause pain. 
So when we perceive something (recognizing what we have already learned) in 
the environment, mental energy is acting as a force on our senses, instead of the 
environment acting as a force on our senses. In other words, the conditions are 
similar or identical to what we already know, and we can therefore attach some 
meaning to the information. The environment isn't creating the meaning as in a 
first-time encounter; the meaning is already inside of us, and in essence we 
create the experience by the way in which we perceive it, through our memories, 
distinctions, and associations. 
This is why a group of people can all be in the same location, be exposed to 
the same environmental information, and then afterward describe the event in a 
different way. The event was different for each individual because everyone 
experienced it differently. Their experience was a function of the structure of 
their mental environment. Each individual will make different associations with 
the same information and then experience the varying degrees of positive or 
negative energy connected with those associations. Each individual will make 
different distinctions with the same information, in effect placing a different 
meaning on it. Each meaning will be composed of varying degrees of positive or 
negative energy, thereby creating a different experience relative to everyone 
else's. Each person will experience the amount of time the event took 
 96  
differently, depending on whether they are perceiving the experience with 
predominately positively charged energy (time speeds up) or negatively charged 
energy (time slows down). Without taking all these mental variables into 
consideration, it is little wonder why people get so frustrated with one another 
when they can't agree on what happened. Everybody's version of what 
happened was unique, because the way each of us experience the outside 
environment is determined by how we perceive it, and how we perceive it is a 
function of what is already inside of us unless we are in the process learning 
something new. 
The implications are that much of what we experience of the outside 
environment is shaped from the inside, not from the outside as most people 
would assume. In other words, our first-time experiences shape the meaning, as 
well as determine the quality of energy connected with that meaning, and then 
once the meaning exists inside of us, it shapes our experience of the outside by the 
way we pick and choose information and how we feel about that information. 
This is a very important concept, so I will give you another example to illustrate 
how our perceptions shape the way we experience the environment. Let's say that 
I am approaching a statue of a man. At first, I look at the statue face to face, and 
I experience indifference; that is, what I am seeing does not evoke any particular 
emotion. Then, I walk around the statue, and change my viewing angle until I 
look at it in profile. As I look at the profile, the face reminds me of a someone 
(an association) whom I like very much and whom I haven't seen for years. From 
this new perspective the statue would take on a new meaning changing my 
experience from emotionally neutral to some strong feelings of nostalgia as I 
think about how much I miss this person. 
The energy for how I experienced that statue and that particular moment in 
the environment was inside of me before I even looked at it. The energy that 
changed the feelings I was experiencing did not come from the statue or really 
have anything to do with that statue. My unique mental structure caused me to 
experience that statue the way in which I did. It took on a new meaning as I 
changed my perspective because of the way the energy that was already inside of 
me acted on my perception. If I hadn't had the positive experiences with the 
person the statue reminded me of, then I would have continued to experience 
indifference as I looked at it. 
 
 
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN 
PERCEPTIONS AND EMOTIONS 
The energy that determines how we feel (love/hate, happiness/ anger, 
confidence/fear, etc.) in many circumstances and situations does not come 
from the environment. These feelings and emotions are already part of us, 
and we will automatically feel them when there is a matchup (perception) 
between what is outside in the now moment with what is already inside of 
us as a result of our past experiences. For example, imagine a father holding 
his five-year-old son with one hand, screaming "you stupid idiot" while 
 97  
spanking him with the other hand. And let's assume that this is the first 
time the child has heard the words stupid or idiot. Now he may not know 
what the words mean in an adult context, but he will most certainly connect 
the words with pain he is feeling through both his body as well as his ears. 
From that point forward these words will have a strong negative charge 
attached to them in his mental environment. Now, when he encounters these 
words in the environment again in some future moment he will be able to 
recognize them because he has experienced these words—they exist as a 
distinction in his mental environment. As a result of the way in which he 
learned the meaning of these words, how will his perception of them affect 
his experience of them? Whenever he hears the words "stupid" or "idiot" he 
will feel the negatively charged energy connected to these words in his mental 
environment and consequently experience the physical environment in a 
painful way. Does the environment need to physically assault him, as in the 
first experience, for him to feel this pain? No. All he has to do is hear the 
words and he will experience pain. After his first encounter with these 
words, the pain doesn't have to come directly from the environment because 
it is already inside of him. Would it make any difference if from the 
environment's perspective that the words were spoken with absolutely no 
intent to cause him any pain or without any awareness that they could, in 
fact, cause him to feel pain. Again, no. He would not be able to perceive 
the intent of the environment as anything but wanting to cause him pain 
because that is exactly what he experiences when he hears those words. 
How could he know that other alternative meanings exist for these words or 
that they can also be used within a context of good-natured fun? He 
couldn't, because he has never experienced those words in any kind of fun 
context, he hasn't learned to make that distinction yet. From the 
perspective of his mental environment, there are no other alternative 
possibilities for the meaning of these words. Furthermore, he may never 
learn to make any alternative distinctions, because every time he hears the 
words "stupid" or "idiot," he will perceive them in a painful way, thereby 
creating an experience of pain, which will in turn reinforce the negative 
energy already connected to the meaning for those words. From the first 
experience forward into the future, he will be locked into only one version 
of the way he can experience those words. 
In any given moment, there are a whole range of experiences available 
from the environment. What we experience as individuals will be a function 
of what we perceive, unless we are in a learning mode. In other words, 
what we are experiencing in any given moment is being shaped by what is 
already inside of us (memories, distinctions, associations, and beliefs), and 
what is already inside of us may not be remotely close to what the 
environment is offering in the way of experience. When we are in a 
learning mode we open ourselves up to learn new distinctions and 
alternative meanings to expand what we know about the nature of the 
environment. 
 98  
Our experiences shape our meanings and then the meanings shape our 
experiences of the future. Let me illustrate this concept for you. I was 
watching a local television program in spring 1987 called "Gotcha 
Chicago." It was about some local celebrities who played practical jokes on 
other Chicago notables. In one segment of the program the TV station hired 
a man to stand on the sidewalk along Michigan Avenue holding a sign that 
read "FREE MONEY— TODAY ONLY." (For those of you who are not 
familiar with Chicago, Michigan Avenue is home to many of the most 
expensive and fashionable department stores and boutiques in the city.) 
The man's pockets were stuffed with cash, and he had been instructed to 
give money to anyone who asked for it. Considering that Michigan Avenue 
is one of the busiest areas of the city, how many people do you think took 
him up on his offer and asked for some money? 
Out of all the people who walked by and read the sign, only one person 
stopped and said, "Great! May I have a quarter to buy a bus transfer?" 
Otherwise, no one would even go near him. Eventually he grew frustrated 
and started crying out, "Do you want any money? Please take my money. I 
can't give it away fast enough." Everybody just walked around him as 
though he didn't exist. He approached one businessman asking, "Would 
you like some money?" And the man responded, "Not today." The "plant" 
said, "How many days does this happen?" as he tried to give him a handful 
of cash, while continuing to say "Would you please take this?" The 
businessman responded with a terse "no" and walked on. 
Now here is a situation where the environment was expressing itself in 
a way that only one person had the mental structure to perceive. For the 
rest of the people, there was no meaning inside of them that they could 
directly correlate with the actual environmental conditions. Other than 
the one person who asked for a quarter, nobody looked at the sign and 
said to themselves "Great! Somebody is giving away free money, I wonder 
how much he will give me." 
People's responses to the conditions shouldn't be too surprising because 
we generally don't believe that money is ever free. And we can know what 
people believed about the situation by just observing their behavior. If they 
thought that it was possible to get free money, we can assume that they 
would not have walked by, ignoring the opportunity to get some. So the 
meaning they attached and what they experienced corresponded to their 
belief that "free money" isn't possible or nobody gives away money on the 
street—no strings attached. In fact, most people probably thought he was 
crazy, which would explain why people went out of their way to walk 
around him to avoid contact. 
However, the environment was expressing itself in exactly the way in 
which it was representing itself. The sign reading "free money" was the 
truth, but the information "free money" did not connect with anything in 
anyone's mental environment so that it could be perceived as the truth. 
There was a direct one-to-one relationship between what any given 
 99  
individual believed, what he perceived, and what he experienced Except for 
one man, everyone else obviously did not believe in the possibility of free 
money; they probably perceived a crazy man and thus had an erroneous 
experience relative to the conditions. Now, the environment did not 
choose the meaning any of these people placed on the information it was 
offering. And if the environment did not choose, then each individual 
created his own experience out of the situation that was presented to him. 
There were a number of alternate experiences available and each alternate 
experience would correspond to the type of belief someone would have 
about the possibilities. 
BELIEFS 
Beliefs create definitions, make distinctions, and shape our perception of 
environmental information by programming our senses to hear, see, and 
select information that corresponds with what we believe. Our experience 
of the environment will correspond to the choices we make, and these 
choices will correspond to the information that is perceivable. What is 
perceivable to each individual, however, may not have much of a 
relationship to what is available or possible from the environment's 
perspective. Each person in the illustration of free money would claim that 
what he experienced was, in fact, the true reality of the situation. What 
would cause them to believe anything different? People think of their beliefs 
and subsequent experiences as a fact of reality instead of a belief about 
reality. This is natural because beliefs create a relationship with the environ-
ment that is best described as circular or a closed loop. 
What I mean by a closed loop is that every component part in the process 
of how we experience the environment supports every other component, 
making everything seem self-evident or beyond question. These closed-
loop systems that beliefs create are extremely difficult to open up. The 
belief controls the information coming into the mental system, the 
information that is actually perceived will be consistent with the belief, the 
course of action taken will be consistent with the information perceived, 
and the subsequent experience will support and reinforce the validity of the 
belief. This is a closed system that will not allow for the possibility of other 
alternatives because the experiences keep on reinforcing the beliefs, 
making the beliefs seem increasingly more self-evident and beyond 
question. Unless we are open or even know how to be open to new 
information that could lead to new experiences, we will experience the 
closed-loop nature of our beliefs every moment, assuming the whole time 
that what we experienced in each situation was the only possibility available.  
The people who walked by the man giving away free money didn't know 
they were completely oblivious to the possibility of the environment 
expressing itself in such a manner, even though the sign said "Free 
Money." And if confronted with the same set of environmental conditions 
 100 
again, they would behave the same way as the first time, not knowing that 
other distinctions are possible, even if they are remote. The perception and 
the experience have to match up because we can't experience something 
that we don't know about yet, unless we are open to the possibility that what 
we believe might be very limiting in relationship to what the environment is 
offering. Remember the man who refused to take the money even when it 
was being handed to him? He was being offered an experience that would 
have increased the number of distinctions he could make about the nature 
of the environment (free money does exist), and he would have grown 
mentally as a result. Being given free money was obviously a distinction he 
didn't know about yet. And even though it would seem that free money 
would be a powerful incentive to question one's belief that it doesn't exist, 
it wasn't enough for this man. His beliefs obviously did not allow him to 
even remotely consider the possibility, again creating this closed loop, 
leading him to believe that what he ended up with or experienced out of 
this situation was the true nature of his existence, when all it really was was 
a reflection of the true nature of his beliefs and how they manage 
environmental information. 
Beliefs define the parameters in which we perceive environmental 
information. All definitions by definition create boundaries. Beliefs will 
manage information in various ways to maintain a balance between the 
inner and outer environment. Any perceived imbalance will result in some 
degree of either stress or illusion. In maintaining a balance, many of our 
responses to environmental conditions are automatic because our beliefs 
make the response seem self-evident, when, in fact, under any given set of 
environmental conditions alternate experiences exist along side of the 
experiences our beliefs locked us into. 
By inhibiting the flow of information into the mental system, beliefs do 
exactly what they are supposed to do. They limit our awareness of data so 
that we can learn in stages. If we believe that things exist in only one 
particular way, then our beliefs will act as a natural mechanism to block the 
acceptance of any conflicting information.  
Considering or accepting any new or conflicting information would open up 
choices that we ordinarily would not have to consider. Too many choices too soon 
can cause confusion and mental overload. If it were not for the limiting nature of 
beliefs, what would happen to our minds would probably be similar to what it 
would be like if a television set picked up all the information being broadcast 
from all the TV stations and projected that information on to the screen simulta-
neously on the same channel. Beliefs allow us to tune into one channel of 
environmental information at a time so that we can learn about the nature of the 
environment through that one channel. Then we can expand our awareness to 
pick up another channel as we learn how to deal with the additional choices we 
are confronted with as we become aware of the additional possibilities. 
 
 
 101 
HOW OUR FEARS FUNCTION TO 
CREATE THE EXPERIENCE 
WE ARE TRYING TO AVOID 
What we perceive is a function of the distinctions that we have learned to 
make. What we focus our attention on—out of all the distinctions we have 
learned to perceive—is a function of the intensity of the energy in the perception 
loop. We only have so much of our conscious attention to give to whatever 
information happens to be available in any given moment. Fear (high degree of 
negatively charged energy) has a profoundly limiting effect on the range of 
information that we can pay attention to. It causes us to narrow our range of 
perception to focus our attention on to the object of our fears. How else could 
we avoid what we perceive as threatening? 
Learning to drive is an excellent example that illustrates how fear narrows our 
focus of attention. The dangers of driving are obvious even to someone who has 
never driven before. It isn't too difficult to imagine the harmful effects of a head-
on collision. Without having developed the necessary skills to control the car, the 
new driver would lack the confidence to know that he can respond appropriately 
to any given situation. That is, he doesn't trust himself. As a result, he will feel 
some degree of uncomfortableness or fear when he drives. The fear will, in turn, 
cause him to focus his attention on the oncoming traffic or concentrate on the 
eye/hand coordination necessary to keep the car in the appropriate lane. 
Because he is so focused on what he can't do and what may happen as a 
result, he has little if any of his attention available to do anything else, like 
carry on a conversation with a passenger, notice the scenery in his peripheral 
vision, or even read road signs. All this other environmental information is 
available and perceivable, but in his case it is either blocked or unnoticed 
because he has to devote so much of his attention to the object of his fear 
(the lack of control he has over the car). At the point where he becomes 
comfortable with his ability to drive safely, his field of awareness will open 
up allowing him to perceive all this other information. 
The purpose of fear is to help us avoid those things in the environment 
we have learned to perceive as threatening. However, when we couple our 
painful memories with our natural propensity to associate and group 
environmental components together— instead of avoiding the object of 
our fears—we will actually create the very experiences we are trying to 
avoid. For example, a child severely bitten by a dog will quite naturally 
associate all dogs with the threat of pain and consequently generate an 
intense fear or even terror whenever he encounters any dog in the future. 
The child's fear of all other dogs other than the one that bit him is real. He 
has no way of making a distinction between a friendly and a dangerous dog 
because his personal experience has taught him that all dogs are dangerous. 
Because of this natural propensity to associate, all we need is one first-time 
experience to believe that all dogs are dangerous. That is his truth about the 
nature of the environment. However, his truth is not all the environment 
 102 
has to offer in the way of experiences in relationship to dogs. Not every 
dog that exists is dangerous. Quite the contrary, very few would be 
considered threatening; most see a child and want to play. 
Now, in every chance encounter the child has with a dog in the future he 
will create an experience of terror, regardless of the disposition of any 
particular dog he happens to run into. If a dog makes any movement toward 
the child, the child will perceive that movement as an actual attack when all 
the dog wanted to do was play or be petted. In fact, the child could become 
so afraid of being attacked that he will devote most if not all of his 
attention to scanning the surrounding environment for dogs. Eventually his 
senses will become attuned to picking up their sights and sounds. And every 
time he sees or hears one, he will create another terrifying experience that 
just reinforces his fears. His focus of attention will attract to his attention 
the object of his fears so that he can avoid what he has learned is 
threatening. The problem is that what he has learned is erroneous in 
relationship to the conditions, that not all dogs are dangerous. Not 
knowing that, he will naturally believe that his terror is coming from 
outside him instead of inside him. In effect his fears are acting on his 
perception to create the very experiences he is trying to avoid by causing 
him to hone in on all the dogs in the environment. 
What we focus our attention on in the environment is what we will 
usually get. The dog-biting example is a graphic illustration of this. 
However, there are other ways that our fears act as a cause to create what 
we are trying to avoid that aren't so obvious. Remember that all fears act on 
our perception as a warning mechanism to help us avoid what we believe 
to be threatening. One way to avoid the object of our fears is simply to 
refuse to acknowledge the existence of threatening information. Another 
more subtle way that will create some real blind spots in our perception is 
to focus all our attention on alternative - nonthreatening - information to 
the exclusion of everything else. These blind spots will exclude whole 
categories of perceivable information from our awareness, which can result 
in some disastrous consequences, especially in the trading environment. 
For example, let's say that the market is offering us what we believe to 
be a good opportunity to make some money, so we go ahead and put on a 
trade, but at the same time we are also operating out of a fear of being 
wrong. We will fear being wrong because, if we are, it will force us to feel 
whatever negative energy has accumulated inside of us as a result of being 
wrong in the past. Now, if the market offers us a choice between 
information that would indicate we are right or information that would 
indicate that we are wrong, what information will we naturally focus our 
attention on? The information that will make us right, without 
acknowledging or considering the implications of the information that 
would indicate otherwise. Again, those implications could be disastrous. 
Let's look at another example of a trader who is afraid of losing. A fear of 
losing presents an obvious conflict because it would be difficult to put on a 
 103 
trade in the first place. However, for the sake of this example, let's say this 
trader was so attracted to a specific opportunity that he managed to operate 
outside of his fear long enough to put on a trade. Now, the kind of 
information he focuses his attention on will depend on what the market 
does. If the market goes against him, he will be afraid to confront the 
possibility of another loss, so he will focus his attention on any other 
nonthreatening information. If the market happens to come back to his 
entry point, he will exit the trade in a sigh of relief, regardless of what the 
potential is for any further movement in his direction. But, if the market 
continues to go against him, his mental defenses will begin to break down as 
the threatening information becomes just too overwhelming for him to be 
able to block from his awareness any longer. At that point he could easily 
become paralyzed and not be able to do anything on his behalf. Eventually 
his stress and anxiety will become so acute that the only way he can relieve 
it is by getting out of the trade. 
On the other hand, if he finds himself in a winning trade he will focus on 
completely different information. His fear of losing will cause him to focus 
his attention on what the market can take away from him. In a winning trade 
he will exclude from his awareness any information that would indicate what 
the potential is for the market to continue to move in his direction, which is 
the only information he focused on in a losing trade, and instead focus 
exclusively on information that will confirm his fears of the market, 
retracing back to his entry point or beyond. In effect, his fear of losing 
causes him to exit the trade early for a small profit regardless of whatever 
the possible profit potential was in that trade. Once he is out, if the market 
continues to move in his original direction, he will agonize over the profits 
he left on the table and wonder why he just couldn't hang in there just a 
little longer, not realizing that his fear of losing actually caused him to lose 
all those additional profits. 
What you have just been given is an example of why the vast majority of 
traders cut their profits short and let their losses run. In a winning trade, the 
fear of losing will cause us to focus our attention on information that the 
market is going to take our profits away, compelling us to get out early. In a 
losing trade we will focus our attention on just the opposite information—
anything other than that which would indicate the trade is a loser. Fear 
causes us to act without a perception of choice. When we are afraid to 
confront certain categories of market information, it drastically limits the 
choices that we perceive as available. Cutting a loss isn't a choice if we 
systematically block from our awareness any information that would 
indicate that we are in a losing trade. Staying in a winner isn't a choice if we 
are consumed with the fear that the market is going to take away our money. 
To prevent these blind spots in our perception, we have to learn to trade 
without fear. And to trade without fear we need to completely trust 
ourselves to confront and accept whatever information the market is 
offering about itself, and we need to be able to trust ourselves to know that 
 104 
we will always act in our best interests without hesitation, regardless of the 
conditions. Any endeavor will require some degree of trust. We would find 
it difficult to cross the street it we didn't trust ourselves to be able to get out 
of the way of the oncoming traffic. From a psychological perspective, the 
market environment can wreak just as much havoc in our lives as getting hit 
by a car. To be successful as traders, we need to believe that we can win 
with an absence of fear so we can make better assessments of the conditions 
and perceive more choices. What this means is that we have to do the 
necessary mental work to release ourselves from anything within us that 
would cause us to narrow our focus of attention or specifically block certain 
categories of information from our awareness. 
 105 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 11 
Why We Need to Learn 
How to Adapt 
There is a direct relationship between our ability to adapt to changing 
environmental conditions and the level of satisfaction we feel about our 
lives. To adapt to the changes occurring in the outside environment implies 
that we are changing ourselves as we learn more and more of what the 
environment has to offer in terms of distinctions about its nature. The 
more distinctions we can make between the various components of the 
environment and how they act as a force on one another, the more 
information becomes available to us through our perception. As we 
expand our perception of information available, we will gain a deeper level 
of understanding and insight into the cause-and-effect relationship that we 
have with the outside environment, that is, how the environment has the 
potential to act as a force on us and how the environment will react to the 
force of our behavior. 
The deeper the level of our understanding and insight, the more 
effectively we can interact with the environment to fulfill our needs and 
achieve our goals. Fulfilling our needs and achieving our goals create within 
us a feeling of well-being, confidence, and satisfaction about our lives that 
would otherwise be characterized by feelings of dissatisfaction, 
disappointment, and deterioration when we can't fulfill ourselves. Success, 
confidence, and satisfaction are all synonymous. They breed from one 
another to create and perpetuate a positive cycle of expansion and mental 
growth. And, by the same token, disappointment, dissatisfaction, and 
deterioration also feed on one another to create negative cycles of 
emotional pain, anxiety, and depression. 
 106 
To fulfill our needs and achieve our goals, there has to be some level of 
correspondence or balance between the inner mental environment and the 
outer physical environment. What I mean by "correspondence" is some 
level of understanding of how the outer environment works. Our needs, 
intents, goals, and desires—all— exist first in the mental environment. 
Then one of three things can happen in some future moment in the 
physical environment; they are either 100 percent fulfilled, partially 
fulfilled, or not fulfilled at all, resulting in feelings of satisfaction or 
dissatisfaction equivalent to the degree of fulfillment. 
To fulfill ourselves, we need to interact with the outside environmental 
forces. The extent to which we fulfill ourselves is a function of knowing the 
most appropriate set of steps to take in relationship to the outer conditions 
and to what extent we can act on what we know. Knowing the most 
appropriate set of steps to take in relationship to the prevailing conditions is 
a function of how much or little we have learned in relationship to what is 
available to be learned. 
Example: Draw a large circle with a diameter of approximately 6 feet. 
This circle will represent everything that is available to be learned 
about the nature of the universe, not limited by what we know of it, 
but as it exists in every way as yet to be discovered. Now, draw a 
smaller circle within the larger one, with a diameter of approximately 2 
feet. This smaller circle will represent all the accumulated knowledge 
of humankind since the dawn of our existence, in other words, what 
we have learned in relationship to what we have yet to discover about 
the interacting forces of our environment and ourselves. Now, place a 
dot within the smaller circle. This dot would probably be a fair 
representation of what each of us as individuals has accumulated in 
knowledge, insight, and understanding, in relationship to what has 
already been discovered and learned by others (both in the past and 
present), in relationship to everything else that is still waiting to be 
discovered. 
The empty space between the inside boundaries of the larger circle 
and the smaller circle is basically everything we don't know or haven't 
learned about yet, either individually or collectively. There are many 
things in the environment available to be experienced. However, until 
we learn about them, we won't experience them, just as people 
couldn't experience atomic energy until it was discovered. Yet it ex-
isted in the environment, waiting to be experienced and learned about 
for hundreds of thousands of years before we actually discovered it. 
These were hidden components that had to be actively uncovered by 
someone. Otherwise, if the environment acts as a force on us in ways 
that we haven't learned to understand yet, we will either dismiss the 
experience as not real or form some superstition or think of it as some 
unknown or random force, until we investigate and understand the 
 107 
phenomena. When we investigate, we learn to make enough distinc-
tions to recognize all the interacting components acting as a force on 
one another to create the effect that we also believed was random, 
until we learned about the experience. For years, many people in the 
academic community believed that the markets were random; this is a 
perfect example of their general lack of understanding of human 
nature. People act as a force on prices in perfectly logical ways, when 
you understand the logic of their fears. 
The small circle represents what has been discovered and experi-
enced by somebody at sometime in human history. All the discoveries 
throughout human history have expanded the small circle to include 
more and more of the larger one. For example, the small circle would 
probably have been a tenth of its present size during the Middle Ages. 
Each discovery since then changed the environment that we could 
experience because it added something to the mental environment that 
didn't previously exist in it. In other words, as we learned, we changed 
the way we perceived the world around us, resulting in the evolution 
of the thinking of humankind overall. 
There is no question that the accumulated knowledge of hu-
mankind has increased to levels that would be completely inconceiv-
able to or boggle the mind of even the broadest, most progressive 
thinking person alive just 100 years ago. Everything that exists now 
that didn't exist then (cars, planes, phones, computers, etc.) is the 
result of what someone learned and shared with others, and conse-
quently it changed the consistency and makeup of the environment 
we live in. And yet all of what we have now existed as possibilities since the 
beginning of humankind. The possibility for manned space flight existed 
from the first moment that a person looked up into a star-lit sky and 
wondered what it would be like to be on the moon. Of course, we didn't even 
attempt to do it until our knowledge evolved to a point where mere wishing 
could be turned into a reality. But what if we could go back to 1889 and tell 
the typical 40-year-old person about the world their great, great, great-
grandchildren will grow up in? There is no way he would believe how 
different things will be. He wouldn't believe it because he wouldn't have the 
mental framework to believe it, just like we would have a very difficult time 
believing what we will have evolved into 100 years from now. 
The dot simply represents the world we experience as individuals in 
relationship to what would be possible to experience if we had inside of 
our mental environment all the accumulated knowledge of humankind. 
Everything you and I know as individuals in relationship to everything we 
haven't learned yet would represent the current set of limitations that we 
operate from. That is, all our individual accumulated knowledge—every 
memory, belief, distinction, association, insight, or understanding—about 
the nature of the physical environment would all represent our personal 
limitations compared to what is available in the environment to experience, 
 108 
believe, and understand. That is, there will always be more information 
available in the environment than what our personal limitations will allow 
us to perceive or experience. 
Just contemplate the immensity of what we don't know yet; consider that 
every person who exists acts as a force on the environment to change it in 
some way that can affect us as individuals in some gratifying or 
unsatisfying way. The way in which each individual acts as a cause to 
change the environment, which in turn, affects everyone else, will 
correspond to the makeup of his mental environment. So, until you or I 
understand every facet of everyone else's behavior and the ways in which 
they can express themselves to act as a force on the environment (meaning 
the rest of us), then every other person that exists would represent an 
unknown outside force to the extent that we haven't learned about human 
nature or understand it. 
We could start filling in the small circle with dots to represent the 
knowledge of each individual that exists on the planet, until the circle was 
almost filled. The blank space left in the small circle would represent 
knowledge that exists in some form that is not inside the mind of some 
person alive today. We could also organize the dots into clusters, where each 
dot would overlap a bit to represent the shared knowledge and beliefs of 
different cultures, although they couldn't overlap too much because we all 
know something different because of our individual differences in 
experiences. The dots would also have to be different sizes to represent the 
increased or decreased levels of understanding and insight that we operate 
out of in relationship to one another. For example, the dot of a child would 
be much smaller than the dot of a typical adult.  
 
 
The physical environment was here before we were born—and we 
certainly weren't born with the insight that we need to interact with it in 
such a way that we can assure ourselves of experiencing high levels of 
satisfaction. For example, if there was a 100 percent correspondence 
between our mental and physical environment, then everything there is to 
know about the nature of the physical environment we would have 
already learned, and this knowledge would be a component part of the 
mental environment. Implied within this perfect correspondence would 
be a complete understanding of all the forces that operate in the physical 
environment, coupled with a complete understanding of their cause-and-
effect relationship. We would know exactly how the environment would 
act as a force on us to create experience and how the environment would 
respond as a counteracting force to the force we apply to it through our 
behavior. And, therefore, with this perfect understanding we would know 
the most appropriate set of steps to take to fulfill our needs, intents, goals, 
and desire, resulting in a complete state of satisfaction. I am defining 
behavior as the outward physical expression of mental energy acting as a 
 109 
force on the outside environment. 
Obviously, none of us possesses this kind of perfect correspondence with 
the environment, and, as a result, it is probably safe to say that none of us 
lives our lives in a complete state of satisfaction. However, the more we 
understand and know about the interacting forces behind our own behavior 
and the interacting environmental forces outside of us, the easier it is to 
fulfill our needs and achieve our goals, resulting in greater levels of 
satisfaction that we will experience in our lives. Conversely, if we don't 
understand our own behavior, we certainly can't begin to understand or 
anticipate anyone else's, and the less we understand and know about the 
rest of the environmental components that have a potential to act as a force on us, 
then it would stand to reason that the less potential we have to fulfill our needs 
and achieve our goals, resulting in feelings of disappointment, stress, anxiety, 
unhappiness, and fear. 
LEARNING AND 
THE QUALITY OF OUR EXPERIENCES 
As I have mentioned, we aren't born with the knowledge that we need to operate 
effectively in the physical environment to fulfill ourselves. However, we are 
born with the need to know. This need to know operates as a driving force in our 
lives coming from the innermost depths of who we are. Our natural sense of 
curiosity compels us to explore and learn. For example, once we have learned the 
nature of something or accomplished some task, we quickly become bored and 
go on to something different. Boredom acts as an inner force compelling us to look 
for something new to discover and learn about. 
Attractions also act as an inner force, compelling us to move through the 
environment to discover and create experience. Take the object of a child's 
curiosity (something he is attracted to) away from him and what will happen? He 
will usually start crying or even throw a fit His crying is an indication that his 
inner needs are not being fulfilled. Crying is a form of grieving to compensate 
for the lack of balance between the inner and outer environments. When we 
have explored the object of our attraction to our satisfaction, it means the inside 
has been filled with what the outside has to offer in terms of experience. When 
that happens we simply lose interest, become bored, and start to scan the 
environment for something else that might attract our attention. 
There is another characteristic of our nature that supports our need to learn. 
Whenever we learn a skill, the steps involved in the operation of that skill drop 
down to an unconscious level of operation, so we are then free to learn something 
new. To learn a skill, we usually have to break the skill down into a series of 
small steps and concentrate on each individual step until we can put all the steps 
together into a series of effective movements. By concentrating on each small 
step, we narrow our focus of attention to the point where we are oblivious to 
anything else going on in the environment. For example, think of a time in 
your life when you were tying to learn a new skill, say, in some sport, and 
 110 
while you were trying to put all the movements together, someone was 
attempting to get your attention on some completely unrelated matter. In 
such a situation we would find it extremely difficult, if not impossible, to 
stay focused on one without destroying our concentration on the other. 
However, after we have successfully made the skill a learned resource, we 
could easily perform the movements while focusing our attention else-
where. 
Without this characteristic of our nature, where our skills drop to an 
unconsciousness level of operation, we would find it nearly impossible to 
move beyond the performance level of a typical infant. Just think what it 
would be like if we had to concentrate on all the movements necessary just 
to pick something up the way a typical infant does. We didn't always have 
the eye/hand coordination that we take completely for granted. We had to 
learn it. We learned it because we were attracted to things in the 
environment we wanted to experience with our sense of touch. As we learn 
each skill, we can automatically access the series of movements to execute 
the skill so we don't have to concentrate on any of the individual steps, 
which then frees our attention to explore and continually expand what we 
can become aware of. 
Learning is a function of our existence. It will occur quite naturally 
through our powerful sense of curiosity and what we find ourselves 
attracted to in the environment that we just need to know everything about. 
At the most fundamental level, learning will happen just because we are 
alive and have to interact with the environment to stay alive. So we will 
learn something. However, that doesn't necessarily mean that what we 
have learned is very useful with respect to how we might go about fulfilling 
ourselves in some satisfactory way. We have very little control in our early 
years over what we learn about the nature of the outside world and how it 
works. I will discuss this in more detail in a moment. 
As we expand our personal dot (as in the example) to learn more and 
more of what the environment has to offer in the way of insight about itself, 
we increase our level of correspondence with it When we learn, we change 
the makeup and consistency of our inner environment. Each change we 
make on the inside simultaneously changes our perspective and 
perception of the outside. The outside environment is different because we 
are operating out of new insights and understandings as a result of what has 
been added to or changed on the inside. Each new insight makes available 
to us new and different choices on how to interact more appropriately with 
the environment to change the quality of our experiences. 
This may seem like an obvious correlation between what we have learned 
and how much satisfaction we experience in our lives, but I assure you it is 
not. If it was so obvious, then most people wouldn't have such a difficult 
time making the connection between the deteriorating conditions, lack of 
happiness or satisfaction in their lives and their lack of insight, coupled 
with a refusal to acknowledge there is something they don't know and 
 111 
need to learn. 
There are always greater levels of satisfaction available in every 
experience until we reach the point where we know everything there is to 
know. If we did know everything there is to know, we could expect 
outcomes from the outside that would correspond exactly with the inside 
mental environment. This kind of perfect correspondence between inner 
and outer would be the result of our perfect understanding of ourselves—
the inner forces that act on our behavior—in relationship to the outer 
environmental forces that act on us. Since none of us is at the level of 
perfect knowledge, we can assume that within every experience we have 
with the physical environment there are other probable experiences 
resulting from other choices that were available but unknown to us at the 
time, the point being that what we end up with in any given situation will 
correspond exactly with our level of understanding, insight, and ability to 
act on what we know. 
The more we allow ourselves to learn, the better able we are at making 
assessments about the possibilities that exist in some future moment. 
However, implied within the foregoing statement is that we are, first, 
willing to acknowledge that other possible futures exist, not just the one 
future that our expectations and beliefs about what we have already learned 
lock us into. Keep in mind that everything we know in relationship to 
everything we haven't learned yet would represent the current set of 
limitations that we operate out of. Conceptually, these individual 
limitations are no different from the choices people in the Middle Ages 
were blinded to by believing that the Earth was flat.  
If we aren't willing to acknowledge that in any given situation more 
information and choices exist than what our beliefs allow us to perceive, 
then we will never learn to recognize or anticipate the existence of these 
other more satisfying possibilities. By acknowledging the possibility that a 
more appropriate set of steps exists, we open ourselves up to perceive and 
then learn the steps that can lead to greater levels of satisfaction. Refusing 
to acknowledge the existence of these possibilities would be the same as 
claiming that electricity didn't exist before it was discovered. When we 
continually argue for the status quo by defending what we already believe 
we know, the environment will seem to be constantly assaulting us, 
resulting in feelings of stress and anxiety. The outer environment becomes 
assaulting because it is offering us more to learn about the nature of the 
ways in which things exist and we are simply refusing to learn. 
In fact, we can easily determine if we need to learn something to operate 
in the environment more effectively by just monitoring the way we feel. If 
there were never an imbalance or lack of correspondence between the mental 
and the physical environments, then theoretically we wouldn't ever have a 
reason to feel disappointment, frustration, confusion, stress, or anxiety. It is 
only because there is an imbalance, a lack of harmony or correspondence, 
between the mental and physical that we ever experience any of these 
 112 
unpleasant, negative emotions. Because when there is a balance between 
the inside and outside, we experience the opposite feelings of joy, happiness, 
and satisfaction. So it would stand to reason that any time we feel these 
negative emotions, it is because we either didn't know the most appropriate 
set of steps, resulting in frustration and disappointment, or we don't know 
what to do next, resulting in stress, anxiety, and confusion. In any case, our  
feelings will always tell us about the state of our relationship with the 
environment and point the way to what we need to learn to experience greater 
degrees of satisfaction.  
For example, if we aren't experiencing satisfaction in our personal 
relationships, would it be too simple to assume that the reason is because 
we haven't developed the appropriate interpersonal skills? Is it possible that 
there are certain communication skills available that—once learned and 
used—can result in much more satisfying personal relationships and deeper 
levels of intimacy? The problem is that it is just as easy to assume that the 
appropriate skills leading to greater levels of satisfaction don't exist or that we 
already know what we need to know and if we aren't experiencing satisfaction 
now, it must therefore not be possible to experience it at all. When we operate 
out of the last assumption, even if the environment presents us with evidence that 
deeper levels of satisfaction are possible (observing another couple who are 
experiencing satisfaction), we would probably assume that they are acting as if 
they were happy for appearance's sake. That way, we won't have to take 
responsibility for learning something they might know. 
The first assumption would result in investigation, learning, and expansion, 
leading to greater levels of effectiveness and satisfaction. The last two assumptions 
would obviously lead to more dissatisfaction. The names and places may change, 
but we will experience the same kind of painful conditions over and over again. 
These cycles of dissatisfaction will continue until we acknowledge there is some-
thing we need to learn and go about the task of learning it. 
WHAT WE ALREADY KNOW WILL BLOCK 
WHAT WE HAVEN'T LEARNED YET 
Obviously, acknowledging there is something that we need to learn is not as easy 
as it sounds. In fact, acknowledging that we don't know something or that what 
we do know isn't very useful or effective presents us with one of the major 
paradoxes of life. The dilemma we are confronted with is how can we know 
what we don't know when what we have already learned will block our 
perception of what we haven't learned yet. For example, once we learn that 
trading is easy (the first few quick winning trades will establish that belief), it 
will block our perception of information to the contrary, that trading is probably 
one of the hardest endeavors one could choose to undertake. Each of these 
beliefs—that trading is easy or trading is hard—would result in the perception of 
completely different choices as being available from the environment, resulting 
in very different outcomes based on the choices perceived and acted on. 
 113 
We don't question the usefulness or effectiveness of something we have already 
learned, simply because what each of us has learned we experienced in some way. 
That is, we won't question what we have experienced just because we experienced it, 
meaning the reality of the experience is based in our five senses: what is inside 
of us we either, felt, saw, heard, smelled, or tasted. That's real enough. Once 
an experience becomes a component part of our mental environment in the 
form of a memory, belief, or association, it becomes a part of what is 
commonly believed to be our identity and beyond question. 
However, we are open to learn practically anything the environment has 
to offer, if we haven't been previously exposed in some way. We will soak 
up first-time information like a sponge, regardless of what it is. However, 
once it is inside of us, we will either defend it or defend against it (hide from 
information in the environment that we don't want to acknowledge as a part 
of our mental environment), instead of making ourselves available to learn 
more of what the environment has to offer in the way of insight about itself 
or ourself as the case may be. 
To defend against the intrusion of information requires energy. This 
investment in energy is commonly referred to as stress. The simplest 
definition that I can think of for stress is that it is what we feel when we are 
actively blocking information from the environment. In physical terms 
stress is really no different from walking against the wind. Symbolically, 
the wind would represent various categories of environmental information 
we don't want to confront; our bodies walking against the wind would 
represent what we have already learned—what is already inside of us that 
blocks what is outside of us. The two forces clash and we feel stress. 
One of the biggest ironies of life is that everyone wants to be right. In 
other words, everyone assumes what they have experienced and learned 
about the nature of the way things exist to be the true and correct version. 
The irony is everyone's version is correct by virtue of the fact that what is 
inside all of us was experienced by our physical senses—if we saw it, if we 
read it, if we heard it, if we felt it, if we tasted it, if we smelled it, or any 
combination thereof, we experienced it. However, not everybody's version 
(of what the environment has to offer in the way of experiences) is 
particularly useful or effective as a resource for interacting with the 
environment in a way that would lead to satisfactory outcomes. Just 
because something gets input into our mental environment doesn't mean 
that it's of any real value in helping us to fulfill ourselves. 
A child has no way of conceptualizing how his experiences are forming 
beliefs about the nature of reality, concepts that would, in fact, be much 
different under different environmental conditions.  
He unquestioningly takes an experience as a fact of reality because the 
beliefs he is forming are founded in feelings and emotions. He does not 
reflect on his experiences to assess the quality of the beliefs he is forming. 
He has no way of determining how these beliefs will either act as resources 
or obstacles to self-expression in the future. 
 114 
The child doesn't understand that any belief that he forms will define 
reality in a way that excludes other possibilities or that he will make 
associations with experiences, lumping components of the environment 
together in ways that are very limiting and not practical. Many of these 
beliefs will just naturally be decharged as his attractions cause him to 
interact with the environment in new ways. All of us will just naturally grow 
into a new set of limitations as we expand our awarenesses by learning, 
which in turn releases us from things we used to believe. However, if the 
quality of the energy in many of our beliefs is negatively charged, then our 
fear will act as an obstacle to self-expression, limiting what we can perceive 
from the environment as possibilities. 
For example, someone who grew up constantly being belittled or 
criticized by his parents knows exactly how that feels. The beliefs he forms 
about himself and his relationship with the environment, as a result, were 
formed in a reality of pain. Certainly he wouldn't know, while growing up, 
that he was forming a belief about his relative unworthiness as a person. 
Unworthiness is a concept that he may not learn about well into his adult 
years, and he may never learn how to release himself from the damaging 
effects. But in the meantime, his fear of being ridiculed and belittled will 
drastically limit the possibilities he perceives in the environment for self-
expression. Many possibilities that seem self-evident to someone without 
this fear would be totally out of the realm of possibility for him. 
An even bigger irony is that the more we acknowledge the possibility that 
our version of the way things exist isn't as effective of a resource as it could 
be, the more we make ourselves available to learn from the environment. By 
expanding our personal dot to include more of what is outside of us inside 
of us, the more it increases our level of correspondence with the outside, 
leaving less and less of what is out there that we don't know about, thereby 
increasing our ability to be right. 
The more we allow ourselves to learn, the better able we are at making 
assessments about the probabilities that exist in some future moment. How 
could we not be better off by learning something when you consider that 
the environment can act as a force on us in an almost infinite variety of 
ways, some of which we know about, many others we couldn't begin to 
anticipate unless we keep on learning in spite of what we already know? 
The more we believe we know, the more we make the environment prove to 
us that what we know isn't particularly useful or effective. The problem is 
that proof could be right in front of our noses and we wouldn't have the 
mental framework to recognize it, unless we willingly allowed ourselves to 
confront it and consider it. Otherwise, if we all knew so much, we wouldn't 
ever experience emotional pain, because it is a perfect indication that we 
don't know how to interact with the environment to our satisfaction—
because if we did, we would. 
All this should be somewhat apparent because it is not a typical human 
characteristic to actively gather and consider information that conflicts 
 115 
with what we already know and believe to be true. However, consider that 
hidden within the environmental information that we haven't learned to 
perceive yet, either because we haven't learned to make the appropriate 
distinctions or because the information is being blocked by our current set of 
beliefs, are a more appropriate set of steps to fulfilling ourselves. What we 
haven't learned yet is outside of each one of us waiting to become a part of 
our personal dot. What we don't know represents all the information that 
could result in choices that have much more satisfying outcomes. However, 
since we can't know what we haven't learned yet and what we do know 
blocks the perception of other alternatives that exist for satisfaction, we 
easily get caught in these terribly unsatisfying life cycles, believing that is all 
the world has to offer, when our predicament is merely the result of our 
inability to adapt ourselves. When we do allow ourselves to adapt, we learn 
that there are always more choices available than our beliefs will allow us to 
perceive. What I mean by adapt is to identify and actively change 
something that is already inside of us so there is a higher degree of 
correspondence between the inside and outside. 
Each first-time experience with the physical environment creates a 
distinction in the mental environment about its nature. All information or 
possibilities that exist in the same category as that first experience will 
then be filtered perceptually through what we learned from that 
experience. Again I will use the example of a child whose first experience with 
a dog is a painful one, meaning that the first dog the child attempted to play with, 
out of his natural sense of curiosity, bit him. As a result of this one experience the 
child will "naturally associate" all dogs with the one that bit him. What he 
learned will then act as a mental barrier to anything else the environment may have 
to offer with respect to all other dogs. 
I have used the words "naturally associate" to point out that the child will 
not have to actively think about the limiting way in which dogs will be 
characterized in his mental environment. The associations will occur 
automatically, as a natural function of the way our minds are wired. So he will 
not have to see "the" dog that bit him; any dog will cause him to remember the 
pain of his previous experience. As a result of his first experience with a dog 
being painful, he will automatically associate any future encounters with dogs 
with his one painful experience. Regardless of how erroneous his association is 
or how the environment may try to prove to him that most dogs are friendly and 
will not cause him pain, he won't believe it, because what he has already learned 
about dogs (not one dog, but all dogs) will cause him to block the acceptance of 
this new information into his mental system. 
However, if the child's first experience with a dog is positive, he will obviously 
have no reservations to play with any dog until he has a painful experience. In this 
case, however, if he is bitten, he will not automatically associate all other dogs 
with the one that bit him because he has already learned that the environment 
has more to offer than this one painful experience. What he will learn, that is 
new for him, is that not all dogs are friendly and that he must use some caution 
 116
when interacting with them until he can determine their disposition. 
The child whose first experience was painful doesn't know that he can 
experience happiness and joy with dogs. He doesn't know it because he hasn't 
experienced it; it isn't something he has learned yet, regardless of the evidence 
the environment may be presenting him. Nor will he likely learn it until he is 
willing to step through his fear. All other information being offered to him about 
the nature of dogs will be blocked or rejected by the energy of what he has already 
learned. 
You can teach a child anything you please, regardless of how erroneous or 
dysfunctional it is relative to the environmental conditions. The child will 
believe what you teach him because what he experiences becomes a part of 
his identity. Anything we experience will become a functioning part of our 
identity. When I say "functioning," I mean that once something is inside of 
us, regardless of what it is, it then has the potential to act as a force on 
our behavior. All these functioning parts that we call memories of expe-
riences, beliefs, and associations, in turn then act as an internal force to 
shape our perception of the environment we experience out of what is 
available to experience. 
As you already know, what each one of us fears as individuals is 
something that we have at some point in our lives learned to fear, as a result 
of our experiences. When we feel fear, it is because we have learned to 
perceive the environmental conditions as threatening in some way, 
whereas someone who hasn't had a painful experience associated with those 
same environmental conditions has learned to perceive the environment 
conditions in a completely different way, a way that corresponds with his 
previous experience. One person can perceive the conditions as a threat, 
the other as an opportunity, in the same moment, based on what is already 
inside of them. In other words, what they have already taken into their 
mental environment as experience will determine how they perceive the 
environmental conditions, whether as an opportunity to experience joy or 
as a threat to experience pain and all the degrees in between. What is 
really interesting is that neither one would be able to convince the other of 
the validity of his perception, because what they are experiencing at the 
moment is directly related to what they have already learned. 
We will usually only question the value of something that is inside of us, if 
we are forced to, as an absolute last resort. What would be the ultimate 
proof that we need to finally make us acknowledge that there is something 
we need to learn? Pain! We will acknowledge the need to learn when we 
are experiencing the emotional pain of a great disappointment or stress 
and anxiety because we don't know what to do next, and we are finding it 
increasingly difficult to shift the responsibility for what we are ending up 
with. 
If we go back to the "believing that trading is easy" example, why would 
we consider that trading is difficult when we already know that it is easy? 
What would cause us to question the usefulness of such a belief? The 
 117 
emotional pain of disappointment as a result of not being able to achieve 
our goals? Once we question the usefulness, what happens? A whole world 
of information opens up to us on how we can learn to interact with the 
trading environment more effectively by increasing our level of 
correspondence. However, everything we would find in the environment to 
increase our understanding already existed, unless we think of something 
completely new on our own. The only thing that stopped us from finding 
it before was the energy of what we already knew, blocking what we 
haven't learned yet. The problem is that if learning something new means 
that we have to change what we have already learned, we instinctively seem 
to refuse to do it, regardless of how inappropriate what we have learned 
may be relative to what we would need to know to experience satisfaction. 
Once we have learned something, it will act as a force to block other 
information that would result in the perception of other choices. Even 
children will resist the acceptance of information that is contrary to what 
they have already learned, regardless of how dysfunctional their knowledge 
may be. 
All learning is synonymous with change, whether we are changing 
something we already know or learning something completely new. If we 
refuse to change (adapt) the inside—adding to what we know to create 
more distinctions and change our perspective—then we are not learning 
what we need to know to experience something different in the outer 
environment. If there is no change on the inside, there will be no 
perceived change in the outside, thereby locking us into recurring cycles of 
pain and dissatisfaction. What's more, we will continue to suffer until the 
pain becomes so great that we are left with no choice other than to reassess 
how we go about managing our lives, that is, reassessing the usefulness of 
our beliefs. 
WHAT WE DO KNOW BECOMES OBSOLETE 
Besides the cycles of dissatisfaction that our current set of limitations locks 
us into (what we know blocks what we haven't learned yet), there is an 
even more practical reason for learning how to adapt. All of us are forced 
to interact with a constantly changing physical environment to fulfill our 
needs and achieve our goals. The way we interact with the environment, 
what choices we perceive in relationship to what is actually available from 
the environment's perspective, and what we do in relationship to what we 
perceive are all a function of what we have learned. Now, if you will 
recall, everything that constitutes the physical environment is in constant 
motion. Anything that is in motion (which includes everything made of 
atoms and molecules) is also changing over time. So change is an automatic 
function of the physical environment. 
However, the mental environment is composed of positively or 
negatively charged energy that carries information about our experiences, 
 118 
what we have learned that forms into organizational patterns that we call 
beliefs and concepts about the nature of the physical environment. Energy 
is not made of atoms and molecules and therefore does not change over 
time. In fact, energy exists in a nonphysical dimension outside of time as we 
perceive it with our senses. Electrical energy or chemically produced 
electrical energy can be stored just the same as in a battery and the 
information it carries is stored with it. That is, time has no effect on the 
quality of this energy (the degree of the positive or negative charge) and the 
ways in which it affects our perception of environmental information and 
how it acts as a force on our behavior. 
Changing our mental environment to correspond with the constant 
external changes going on in the physical environment is not automatic. 
The information stored in our mental environment about the nature of the 
physical environment can remain unchanged for years or a lifetime, for that 
matter, regardless of how outdated, useless, or even harmful it may be. And 
furthermore this outdated knowledge will continue to act as a force on our 
behavior, causing us to interact with the environment in completely 
inappropriate ways relative to the conditions. So even if we are experiencing 
satisfaction in certain areas of our lives, we cannot take it for granted that 
the conditions that we have learned to interact with will stay as we know 
them to exist. The outside conditions are in constant motion, presenting us 
with different forces to learn about and adapt to. In the market 
environment, for example, the changes in conditions are highly visible and 
usually moment to moment, whereas in other types of environments that 
we typically operate in, the forces of change work a little slower and are less 
visible, but they are changing nevertheless. The problem is that the 
conditions will change and we won't necessarily recognize these changes 
even if we start to experience some degree of dissatisfaction, unless we are 
constantly vigilant that even though we have learned something that works, 
it can still become obsolete. 
 119 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 12 
The Dynamics of 
Goal Achievement  
The extent to which we fulfill our needs and achieve our goals with any 
degree of satisfaction is, first, a function of our being able to recognize our 
needs and formulate our goals. This is not as simple as it sounds. Our 
natural sense of curiosity and our attractions are very powerful inner forces 
that create a state of need or put us in a state of imbalance with the 
physical environment until the needs are satisfied. When we feel these 
attractions to certain activities, people, or objects in the environment, it is 
often difficult to visualize the possibilities or formulate any plans because 
of other inner forces in the form of beliefs, associations, or memories that 
act as barriers. We need to understand the relationship and possible 
conflicts between what we need or feel very attracted to and these other 
inner forces that in a sense say no.  
The extent to which we fulfill our needs and achieve our goals with any 
degree of satisfaction is, second, a function of the degree to which we 
understand the nature of the external environmental forces we have to 
interact with to fulfill our needs and achieve our goals. (The depth of our 
understanding will correlate directly with the way in which we express 
ourselves in the environment to create the effect that we want.) Third, it is 
a function of the repertoire of skills that we have developed to interact with 
the environment and, fourth, a function of our ability to execute those 
skills. 
Any differences between what we wanted, expected, desired, or needed 
and what we got is simply an indication of the degree to which we haven't 
learned what we needed to know or evidence that we don't have the 
 120 
appropriate skills to do what needed to be done. Included as a factor in the 
first category—where we haven't learned what we needed to know—is our 
ability or lack thereof to objectively (without illusion) assess the availability 
of what we wanted or needed from the environment's perspective. In other 
words, what we wanted may have not been available to begin with or 
available in the quantity we wanted or in the time frame we wanted or 
needed, and we didn't have the mental framework to make the kinds of 
distinctions to indicate the actual availability beforehand. 
We also have to consider that what we wanted may have actually been 
available but unperceivable, as a result of not having learned to make the 
appropriate distinctions, which would, in turn, give us the kind of 
perspective where we could notice its availability. In these kinds of 
situations we usually end up saying to ourselves, "I wish," or "If only I had 
known that then," when we find out afterward what we didn't know at the 
time would have made a difference on how we "saw" things. Often, 
however, we never find out that what we wanted and didn't get was only 
one minor shift in perspective. Not knowing, of course, that the reason 
why we didn't get it was because we just didn't know there was something 
more we needed to learn. If we had the mental framework to make the 
appropriate distinctions, we can assume that we would have, unless 
something was blocking our perception. 
I might add here that when we interact with other people, if we use force 
and manipulation to get what otherwise would be unavailable, what we are 
doing is forcing them to behave outside of their beliefs. If their beliefs were 
consistent with what we wanted from them, then we wouldn't need to use 
force or manipulation because a state of harmony would exist. We don't 
need to use force or manipulation on someone to do something that they 
already believe in. Whenever we do, it creates a state of imbalance in them 
that they would normally rectify by some means of revenge that we would 
just have to deal with at some point in the future. As a general observation 
of the human condition that goes along with this, most of us spend our 
lives trying to change what is in front of us to suit the makeup of our inner 
environment, when all we need to do is change the way we think about what 
is in front of us and we will change the quality of our experience of it. 
In the second category—where we don't have the appropriate skills to 
do what needed to be done—we may recognize the most appropriate set of 
steps to take and also objectively assess the availability of what we want, 
but that doesn't mean that we have the skills to execute those steps. It is 
possible to underestimate the skills required in relation to the conditions to 
accomplish what we want (i.e., we don't know any better) or we could 
overestimate our abilities in relation to the conditions. Furthermore, even 
if we have learned the appropriate skills, there may be any number of beliefs 
or fears that act as barriers or limiting forces that will prevent us from 
properly executing the steps leading to what we want to accomplish. These 
beliefs or fears can be something that we have a conscious awareness of, or 
 121 
they can be completely subconscious. I am defining subconscious as any 
experience that we don't have immediate access to with our conscious 
thought process. For example, someone could be afraid of going into the 
water, be conscious of the fear itself, but not have the slightest recollection 
of a painful experience associated with water to know why he can't 
express himself in that way. 
There is a very important distinction here that you need to make between 
recollection and memories. What we experience in the environment 
becomes a memory. Our ability to bring that memory into our conscious 
thought process is recollection. Some memories are easy to recall because 
the pathways to wherever the memory is stored are used a lot. In other 
words, we remember how to remember certain memories. However, there 
are many other experiences that become subconscious. These are memories 
that we have either forgotten how to remember because we don't use the 
pathways or we were never really fully aware of what was being perceived 
by our senses in the first place. However, the point here is that none of 
what goes in to the mental environment disappears or no longer exists just 
because we don't remember it. Our ability to recall consciously any 
particular belief that we are taught as a child or our ability to recall any 
particular experience is not a factor in the dynamics of how any of these 
mental components act as a force on our behavior. Neither is physical clock 
time for that matter. Our conscious recollection of experiences may fade 
with time, but time has no impact on the electrical charge (quality of 
energy) or the amount of emotional force behind the charge. For example, 
the old adage that time heals all wounds is not applicable to the mental 
environment. Time will heal wounds to the body because the body is a part 
of a physical reality where everything is in motion and changing over time. 
However, time has no impact on the memories stored in our mental 
environment because the mental environment is not composed of physical 
matter. It is composed of stored energy that does not change with the 
passing of time. 
Emotional wounds (negatively charged mental energy) will never go 
away unless we learn how to release ourselves from them or change them. 
People think time heals emotional wounds, because after years of 
experiences they either inadvertently let go of the pain or build a system of 
beliefs as a defense to shield themselves from it. In fact, our seemingly 
infinite capacity to resist acknowledging the injury and hiding the effects of 
emotional wounds makes them very elusive. We almost always know when 
we have injured our bodies in some way. If you break your leg, you know it 
because you won't be able to walk. If it doesn't heal properly, you will 
know that too because you won't be able to walk the same as before or it 
may still hurt to walk. Yet, emotional wounds are not always so self-evident, 
because we can always structure our beliefs to make it seem as if we are not 
responsible for the cycles of dissatisfaction and emotional pain we 
experience in our lives, thus insulating ourselves from the effects of our 
 122 
own negatively charged energy. 
This is being pointed out because I have found that most people have a 
great deal of difficulty believing that something that happened to them in 
their childhood can still affect how they perceive their environment and 
how they express themselves now. Although, when you think about it, how 
could it be any other way? Everything that we experience becomes a 
component part of our mental environment. All the parts then act as an 
inner cause, affecting how we experience the outside environment. Again, 
we don't have to be able to remember why we learned to be afraid of 
something to feel the fear. We don't even have to consciously 
acknowledge to ourselves that the fear exists because we can always 
rationalize that it is something else or use drugs or alcohol to block our 
awareness of it. However, regardless of how hard we try to stop ourselves 
from feeling what is inside of us, the feelings are still there; otherwise our 
efforts to block them wouldn't be necessary in the first place. The fear will 
exist because the energy, somewhere in our memory of some previous 
experience, will cause us to feel it, regardless of whether or not we allow 
ourselves to have a recollection of the source. 
Memories, beliefs, and associations do not go away with time, substance 
abuse, or trying to put them somewhere in the subconscious that makes it 
more difficult to gain a conscious awareness. They will continue to act as a 
source of energy for the way in which we pick and choose information from 
the environment and how we express ourselves, for as long as we live, 
unless we learn how to manage them. Did you ever wonder why it was so 
difficult to break an unwanted habit or why it can be so difficult to execute 
some well-thought-out plan you were really committed to? It is difficult 
because of what is already inside of us that acts as resistance to our intent. 
An intent to do something is not necessarily a belief. In other words, out of 
everything we intend to do, some of those intentions will be supported by 
our beliefs, memories, and associations, and some will not. When there is 
support, our efforts will seem effortless, because there is no conflict 
between any beliefs, memories, and associations and what we intend to do. 
However, if our intents are not in harmony with our beliefs, memories, or 
associations, doing becomes a struggle, where we can't stay focused, 
become easily distracted, or make what most people would characterize as 
"stupid mistakes." 
Take, for example, someone who smokes, decides it's a bad habit, and as 
a result, commits himself to quitting. Thus his intent is to express himself 
as a nonsmoker. However, after he has smoked his last cigarette, his beliefs 
in being a smoker will immediately start drawing his attention to cigarettes 
until it builds to the point where he craves a cigarette and then has one. What 
we have here is a classic conflict between an intent that is not only in 
conflict with other beliefs but the intent itself has no real structural 
support. That is, there isn't a corollary belief that says, "I am a 
nonsmoker." The energy for his behavior not to smoke will have to come 
 123 
from his conscious willingness to be a different person in this area of his 
life. However, his willingness doesn't instantly negate all the energy in the 
beliefs he has built up over the years in being a smoker. These beliefs will 
have a great deal of energy to act on his conscious attention (noticing 
cigarettes in the environment and thinking about cigarettes) and his 
behavior (to pick one up and smoke it). 
We could even have inner support (beliefs, memories, and associations) 
for what we intend to do and still have difficulties following through with 
our plans because of other conflicting beliefs. Behavior that would fall into 
the "stupid mistake" category is most often the result of subconscious or 
forgotten beliefs that are in direct conflict with our intents. Trading is a 
perfect example to illustrate this. Many people devote a great deal of their 
time, energy, and financial resources to expressing themselves as traders. 
They learn a lot about trading—they are even highly regarded by their peers 
for what they know about the market—but still can't execute their trades 
properly or the way they planned. There are traders who can consistently 
make money day after day until they get to certain threshold levels and then 
promptly give all their profits back to the market in one or two trades. The 
way they give their money back is completely inconsistent with their trading 
style while they were making money. After they have lost a sufficient 
amount of money, they go back to the way they normally trade and start the 
process all over again. This kind of behavior is no accident. It happens for a 
reason. 
In each of these situations these traders certainly had developed 
effective, workable strategies to be successful—they definitely had some 
highly structured beliefs to support their expression as a trader. However, 
what they haven't done is identify and decharge a whole host of other 
beliefs (both conscious and subconscious) that are in direct conflict with 
the endeavor of trading or making money as a trader. For example, there 
are many beliefs related to one's religious upbringing that are in direct 
conflict with the whole concept of speculating. And what is trading but 
taking money away from other traders with no services rendered? This 
kind of activity isn't consistent with most religious teachings. Another 
typical example is most people grow up with very powerful beliefs related 
to the work ethic. They have very rigid definitions about what constitutes 
work and how one earns one's money. Trading doesn't exactly fit into most 
of these definitions either.  
So regardless of how highly developed one's trading strategies become, 
the act of trading will still violate the integrity of any belief that is in 
conflict with the act of trading or making money from trading. Eventually 
the unexpressed energy accumulating in these conflicting beliefs will build 
to the point where the trader will find himself behaving in a manner 
completely inconsistent with his trading rules or intent to make money. 
Often, he will even be aware that he is about to make a trading error, watch 
himself do it, and at the same time either feel powerless to stop himself or 
 124 
won't stop himself until he has lost enough money to compensate for the 
imbalance in his mental environment. 
Now when these kinds of things happen, if we don't understand what is 
going on, it could cause us to feel inadequate in some way, if we judge 
ourselves harshly. Or we could be overcome by a sense of powerlessness 
and fear because we seemingly have no control over these unidentified 
internal forces that can exert so much control over our behavior. Without 
any awareness of the problem or effective tools for dealing with it, most 
people will attempt to build mental barriers to try and block these forces 
from manifesting in their behavior. Obviously, they don't work, which 
makes the whole situation even scarier. This is where the substance abuse 
comes into play. For example, a person who is an alcoholic knows he is a 
heavy drinker. At the most fundamental level a person drinks obsessively 
to separate his intellect from these inner forces he believes he has no control 
over. The more he blocks, the more the forces build and the more he has to 
drink to block. The more he drinks, the more everything deteriorates in 
his outer environment as a reflection of his inner environment. Eventually, 
the physical environment, his body, or both deteriorate so badly that he 
can no longer block the true state of his condition. He then acknowledges 
that "Yes, I am an alcoholic, and I need to change," meaning that "Yes, I 
need to address the issues in my life that caused me to start drinking in the 
first place." 
The point of all this is: learning how to forget our painful memories or 
ignoring the existence of beliefs that don't support our intents does not in 
anyway reduce their potential to cause us to behave in certain ways. If we 
want to change unwanted behavior, we have to change the internal source of 
that behavior. Releasing ourselves from the limitations of our fears by 
healing our emotional wounds, changing the polarity of a belief, or 
decharging it altogether is something that we have to learn how to do by 
learning how to manage mental energy. If people knew of some way of 
managing their beliefs, memories, and associations, then the kind of painful 
cycles of forced awareness described earlier would never get started in the 
first place. 
Thus far I have identified three forces in constant operation in our lives. 
First are all the external environmental forces that have the potential to act 
as a cause, where we, as individuals, experience an effect. Some of these 
outside environmental forces we will have some degree of understanding of 
and others we will not. Our degree of understanding and insight along with 
the extent to which we can act on what we know is directly proportional to 
the degree of satisfaction we will experience as we interact with the 
environment to fulfill our needs and achieve our goals. Implied within all 
the external forces—whether we understand them or not—are all the forces 
of change that automatically alter everything made of atoms and molecules 
consequently making what we do know—in terms of usefulness—obsolete 
at some point in time. For example, the chair you are sitting in to read this 
 125 
book is deteriorating over time. At some point it will no longer be able to 
support any weight, making your belief in its stability obsolete. 
Second are the deep inner forces of curiosity and attraction that compel 
us to explore, learn about, and interact with the environment in seemingly 
predetermined ways. For example, there are things that we are naturally 
interested in learning about or learning how to do in relationship to all the 
other things that are available to learn about in the environment, but we 
have no natural interest— like someone who always wanted to be a 
musician, fire-fighter, actor, or doctor and pursues these vocations resulting 
in feelings of deep satisfaction about their lives. However, if the 
environment forces us into areas where there is no natural interest, we will 
experience an emptiness that can be very difficult to identify, only that it 
feels like something is missing in our lives. What each of us as individuals 
is naturally curious about and attracted to in the environment come from 
the deepest levels of our existence. They act as very powerful forces of self-
expression, compelling us to create in the physical environment the object 
of our imagination or to pursue in the physical environment the object of 
our interests, often in direct conflict with outside environmental forces as 
well as inner mental forces in the form of what we have been taught to 
believe. 
Third are the mental forces represented by our beliefs, memories, and 
associations. Even though beliefs, memories, and associations are mental 
forces, they are not the same as the forces of curiosity and attraction. Beliefs, 
memories, and associations exist exclusively as a result of the kinds of 
experiences we have with the physical environment. This is in contrast to the 
forces of curiosity and attraction that are in us before we are born and 
would seem to be either predetermined in a spiritual sense or genetically 
encoded. Some of our beliefs, memories, and associations will act as 
positive resources for interacting with the physical environment effectively 
and with some degree of satisfaction. Others, however, will have just the 
opposite effect. Many of our beliefs, memories, and associations are 
resources for failure, pain, and dissatisfaction because they lock us into only 
perceiving what we already know as well as cutting us off from our natural 
sense of curiosity. In other words, they specifically act as forces to prevent 
any further mental growth. 
Now, since we have to interact with the physical environment to fulfill 
our needs and achieve our goals, the key to doing it to assure ourselves of 
experiencing greater levels of satisfaction is to acquire deeper levels of 
insight and understanding into the nature of these forces. That is, we need 
to stay in a constant state of learning. The only thing that really stops us 
from continuing to learn about the nature of these outside forces is the 
mental forces in the form of beliefs, memories, and associations that build 
up and as a result block our natural sense of curiosity, sometimes to the 
point of shutting down the learning process altogether. 
There is some element of truth to the saying that you can't teach an old 
 126 
dog new tricks, except that it should really read "An old dog won't learn 
new tricks." It's not that it is impossible for someone regardless of their 
age to learn something new; the issue isn't ability. It is more a matter of 
resistance and refusal. That refusal comes from the sum total of 
everything we already believe, in essence saying, "Forget it—I already 
know everything I need to know." Of course, the consequences to such a 
stance toward the environment can be and often are devastating. And it 
invariably always takes some truly devastating event or a series of them 
before someone who has this kind of attitude will acknowledge that the reason 
for their plight is that they just refuse to allow any changes in their mental 
environment. Of course, this know-it-all attitude is very easy to recognize in 
someone else; the trick is learning how to recognize it ourselves, because it 
exists in all of us as a natural function of the ways in which beliefs, memories, 
and associations manage information. 
To stay in a constant state of learning we need to learn how to adapt. To adapt 
we need to learn some specific mental techniques on how to consciously apply 
our thoughts to upgrade, modify, replace, or change the polarity (electrical 
charge; of various components in our mental environment that act as limiting or 
inhibiting forces on our perception and behavior, preventing us from gaining 
greater levels of correspondence with the physical environment. By consciously 
adapting, we are making ourselves available to learn how to fulfill our needs and 
achieve our goals in increasingly more satisfying ways. Note: Implied within 
fulfilling our needs and achieving our goals is the need to explore the object of our 
curiosities and attractions, which also get blocked by our beliefs, associations, 
and memories. 
To adapt, we need to choose not to resist learning and change. This requires 
a willingness on our part to think outside of the limitations established by our 
beliefs, associations, and memories and a willingness to learn how to manage 
mental energy so we can release ourselves from the negative effects of our painful 
memories. When we learn how to change the polarity of a painful memory, it 
isn't painful any longer. When the memory is decharged or drained of the 
negatively charged energy, it will no longer have the potential to generate fear. 
Fear always limits the number of choices we perceive as available from the 
environment by the way it causes us to focus our attention on the object of our 
fear. The net effect is we end up creating for ourselves exactly what we are 
trying to avoid. It is important for you to note that, when we change the 
polarity of a memory, it doesn't actually change the structure of the memory. In 
other words, we don't forget the experience, so we can still use it as a part of 
our repertoire of what we know about the nature of the physical environment. 
When we change the quality of energy of a memory from negative to positive, 
we negate the memory's potential to generate fear, thereby allowing us to 
perceive all the other choices for experience available from the envi-
ronment in the same moment. 
Preferably this willingness to change will come from somewhere other 
than out of desperation. The idea is to learn how to recognize what we need 
 127 
to know long before the conditions deteriorate to the levels of desperation. 
To do this requires that we incorporate into our mental system three very 
fundamental assumptions that will help us to maintain a healthy 
relationship with the environment and generate the energy behind the 
willingness that we will need to start such a process, after which 
experiencing the benefits will act as the driving force behind our 
willingness. 
The first assumption is that we haven't learned everything there is to 
know. And, as a result, there are always going to be unknown forces 
acting upon us until our understanding of everything outside of us evolves 
to the point where we have simultaneous awareness of everything going on 
in the environment. The implications here are that we need to be in a 
constant state of learning from the moment we are born to the moment we 
die because our intellect has not yet evolved to the point of simultaneous 
perception of all information that is available in any given moment. Until 
then, we are forced to pick and choose the information we experience 
based on what we have learned to believe. 
The second assumption is that what we have learned to believe either by 
force—unwillingly thrust upon us, as an expression of the outside 
environment—or by choice—as an expression of inner forces that operate 
within us like our curiosity and attractions—may not be very useful with 
respect to fulfilling ourselves in some satisfying manner. 
The third assumption is that what we have learned that is useful and 
works to our satisfaction is still subject to change because of the changing 
environmental conditions. In other words, what we may need to know to 
experience more satisfaction and happiness in our lives will often have to 
replace partially or invalidate completely what we have already learned. 
Refusing to change what we have already learned is virtually the same as 
saying that we already know everything there is to know and don't need to 
learn anything further. Of course, we could easily know if we didn't need 
to adapt because we would be in a perpetual state of satisfaction. Anything 
less than a feeling of satisfaction from our interaction with the environment 
is an indication that we need to learn something. 
THE PERFECTION OF THE MOMENT 
If you operate out of the foregoing assumptions, you will begin to recognize 
how every moment becomes a perfect indication of your state of 
development and what you need to do to improve yourself. For example, 
let's look at a hypothetical trader whose goal is to make money from his 
trading. He perceives what he believes to be an opportunity to do so and 
puts on a trade. However, he is operating out of a fear of being wrong. As a 
result, his fear will act on his perception of information to block from his 
awareness any evidence that would indicate that he is wrong. Remember that 
fear is a natural mechanism to warn us of threatening conditions so that 
 128 
we can avoid them. Now what is threatening about being wrong? In this 
case, as in most all cases, it is all the accumulated pain and humiliation 
inside of him from his past experiences. If the market—or anyone else for 
that matter—presents him with any information that conflicts with what he 
wants, his fear will cause him to distort it perceptually or he will angrily 
scream at the person who offered such information "Don't tell me that" so 
that he can avoid feeling the pain already inside of him from his past. In 
effect, his fears will create for him the very experience that he is trying to 
avoid because he is avoiding information that would indicate what the 
markets have to offer in relationship to what he wants or expects. If the 
market does move against him, he probably won't confront the evidence 
until the pain of doing so is less than the pain of not confronting it, 
meaning that his losses accumulate to the point where it is easier to admit 
he is wrong than to suffer any more losses. The results of our efforts will be 
reflected in the environment as the sum total of who we are in any given 
moment, as it was for our trader in the foregoing example. A goal is an 
intent that we have projected out into the environment. It is a need to be 
fulfilled in some future moment. The need arises out of a recognition of 
some lack. Recognizing the need automatically focuses our attention to 
scan the environment for ways (paths) to fulfill that need. The 
environmental information we perceive (quality and depth of insight) will 
be a function of the number of distinctions we can make minus any 
information that gets blocked by any fears we are operating out of. How we 
express ourselves to fulfill the need will be function of (1) our 
perceptions, (2) the steps that we choose as a result of those perceptions, 
and (3) the skills we have developed minus any conflicting beliefs, 
memories, and associations, making each moment that we interact with 
the environment a perfect indication of what we know and how well we 
can act on what we know. 
When we refuse to acknowledge or accept the perfection of each 
moment in our lives, we deny ourselves access to the information that we 
need to expand ourselves. Any skill that we need to learn to express 
ourselves more effectively has a true starting point. To find that true starting 
point requires our acceptance of each outcome as a reflection of the sum 
total of who we are so that we can first identify what skill needs to he learned 
and how we might go about the task of learning it. Without this true starting 
point, we will operate from a base of illusion. 
Illusions result from beliefs that we know more than we do and can do 
more than we can. We erroneously assume the environment shares our 
perception of it or of ourselves and then we actively block any information to 
the contrary. Illusions are the difference between accepting each moment as 
a perfect indication of who we are so that we can identify what we need to 
learn to move forward and believing we are already perfect the way we are, 
in which case we need learn nothing. Certainly if any of us were in a perfect 
state of knowledge and abilities, then we would never need to complain 
 129 
about anything or make excuses, rationalizations, or justifications for why 
things didn't turn out as we planned. 
Every "should have," "could have," "would have," or "if only" is an 
indication of the degree of illusion in which we are indulging ourselves. If 
we could have, we would have, meaning that at each moment we are doing 
the best we can when taking into account all the components—both 
conscious and subconscious—that affect what we perceive and do. 
Acknowledging and accepting this perfection will always give us our true 
starting point to indicate what we need to learn so that we can perceive the 
conditions differently or what resources we need to develop to respond 
differently. 
If our hypothetical trader wants to develop into an effective and 
consistently successful trader, he will need to engage in some self-
improvement. He will need to understand that the market is always right and 
that he can profit from that tightness if he doesn't impose a rigid mental structure 
on its behavior. He needs to release himself from his fear of being wrong so that 
he can observe the market's behavior from an objective perspective. Otherwise, 
his fear of being wrong will have the effect of making him wrong. He will also 
need to establish some definite trading rules to guide his own behavior and 
learn how to adhere to those rules. If he had been operating out of a definite set 
of trading rules he would have never let the loss accumulate sufficiently that his 
pain would take him out of the trade. If, however, he refuses to acknowledge 
and accept his current state of development by blaming the market for his losses 
or trying to convince himself that somehow he wasn't responsible for what he 
ended up with, then he would be indulging himself in illusion. He would be 
denying who he is and, in effect, cutting himself off from the information he 
needs to become who he wants to be. 
We have to be willing to confront the truth about ourselves so that we can 
confront the truth outside of ourselves. The less illusion we indulge ourselves in, 
the more our perceptions of the outside environment will reflect the actual 
conditions, because we won't be blocking so much available information. By 
available information I mean information we are capable of perceiving. The less 
we block, the more we learn. The more we learn, the easier it is to anticipate how 
the outside environment will react or respond under any given set of conditions. 
Otherwise, we will not allow ourselves to perceive in the environment what we 
refuse to know about ourselves. 
None of us likes to acknowledge what we perceive to be our weaknesses. Yet it 
is exactly what we need to do to grow beyond them. Otherwise, we keep building 
our lives on this base of illusion that requires so much energy, alcohol, or drugs to 
maintain that it eventually has to crumble, leading to these very painful forced 
awarenesses. Confronting the truth in the environment or the truth about 
ourselves is no more painful than are the forced awarenesses that result from 
these illusions. It's just more immediate. However, when we do confront what is 
inside of us, it is the first step in the process of breaking a cycle of dissatisfaction to 
turn it into an expansive cycle of success. What better form of goal achievement 
 130 
could there be than to confront conditions as they exist, identify what we need to 
learn to operate most effectively, and then go about the task of learning it, making 
our adjustments along the way? 
ALL TRADERS GIVE THEMSELVES EXACTLY 
WHAT THEY DESERVE 
Traders put on trades and then take them off when they choose. That decision-
making process is the result of the sum total of all the mental components 
interacting with one another. If we were to inventory all these components, 
measure the energy they hold, and then balance the components that contribute 
to a positive sense of self-valuation against the components that contribute to a 
negative sense of self-valuation, what would be left is a net amount that we value 
ourselves. This net amount will correspond directly with how much money we 
give ourselves out of what is available in any given trade, in any day, month, or 
year, or by the same token how much of our money we give away. 
I know that this can be a very difficult concept to accept. However, other than 
taking into account what we haven't learned yet in terms of insights and skills, 
how could it be any other way? We make up all our own rules when we trade. No 
one forces us in or out of the markets, unless a position is liquidated by a 
brokerage firm for lack of margin. In any given trade, there are a number of 
possibilities to take profits or cut losses. What we decide to do in each instance 
with respect to each possibility will be the result of our perceptions and all the 
internal components affecting those perceptions. What we actually end up doing 
will be the result of what we decide and our ability to execute our decisions, 
which again will be determined by a number of mental factors, all of which 
contribute to our sense of self-valuation. 
Trading is an exercise in accumulating money. Once we have learned how to 
trade (perceive opportunity and execute our trades), who else or what else could 
be responsible for what we end up with? In fact, if traders were to chart their 
equity, it would reflect their internal conflicts and what they think of themselves 
on a day-to-day, month-to-month, or year-to-year basis. These charts would 
look very much like the typical bar or point and figure charts of the 
markets themselves, with support and resistance levels, consolidation 
zones, rallies, selloffs, and retracements. All these patterns would reflect 
the trader's state of mind, just as the markets themselves reflect the 
collective state of mind of all its participants. 
Charts like these also can have the same predictive value as in the 
markets, if one learns what to look for. Some of the more sophisticated 
brokerage firms that manage large funds keep these kinds of charts on the 
CTAs that they employ to trade their money under management. They 
will switch the amount of equity available for each CTA to manage based 
on each individual's chart formations. In other words, once you build up 
some history it isn't too difficult to determine when someone is about to 
take a big hit because of the psychological forces building inside of him, 
 131 
just as the collective forces of the market build before a big move. 
As individual traders if we want to give ourselves more and more money 
out of the markets, we have to learn how to value ourselves more and more 
so that we believe we deserve what we want or deserve what we get. 
Trading can result in the fast accumulation of windfall profits. To keep 
those profits, we have to have inner support. Most of the time, that support 
doesn't exist, and that accounts for all the rags to riches to rags stories that 
can be told in the trading world. Of course the first step in the process of 
valuing ourselves more is to accept our true starting point; that is, we have 
to take complete responsibility for what we end up with as being a reflec-
tion of what we need learn about the markets, about ourselves, or both. 
Ultimately, everything that we do contributes to or detracts from our sense 
of self-valuation. That is why it can fluctuate from day to day or moment 
to moment. The best way that I know of to add to our sense of valuation is 
to commit ourselves to the process of growth. 
 132 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 13 
Managing 
Mental Energy 
What do I mean by "managing mental energy," you ask? There are many 
ways that we already manage mental energy but probably wouldn't think of 
it in such a way. For example, isn't it possible to take what starts out to be a 
slight emotional wound (like some minor insult) and intensify the emotional 
energy behind that wound to the point where we could end up in a state of 
emotional frenzy? How do we accomplish this? By our willingness to think 
about whatever caused us to feel insulted. Our thoughts can add energy to or 
detract energy from the wound, depending on what kind of thoughts we 
choose to think. If we think destructive thoughts, we will be adding 
negatively charged energy to intensify the wound. And it goes without 
saying that we can carry this to whatever extreme we choose and, 
furthermore, stop whenever we choose or whenever we are willing to. 
However, stopping does become more difficult in direct proportion to the 
amount of energy involved. Aren't we, in effect, managing or manipulating 
mental energy when we purposefully make ourselves more angry than 
when we started out by channeling negative thoughts through an 
experience?  
By the same token, if we think positive thoughts, we will detract emotional 
energy from the wound. I am sure anyone reading this book has noticed that 
when a person wants to stay angry, he will refuse to listen to anything that might 
defuse his anger. When we refuse to listen to "the voice of reason" so to speak, we 
are making a choice not to manage mental energy. The only reason why an angry 
person has to shut out "the voice of reason" is because he knows the information 
has the potential to change the way he feels. He knows that if he changes his 
 133 
perspective—which will, in turn, change the way he feels—he will experience a 
different environment on the outside. If he isn't "willing" to change—regardless of 
what the benefits may be—he will refuse to use his thoughts in a way that would 
allow him to experience those benefits. These examples are just a few of the 
many ways in which we already manipulate our mental environment to suit our 
purposes based on our willingness to do so. Certainly, if it is possible to manage 
mental energy for destructive purposes, it must also be possible to manage it for 
constructive purposes. The key concepts here are willingness and purpose. The 
willingness is to consciously direct our thoughts toward a specific intent to 
change something on the inside that isn't useful. 
Thoughts are a very powerful tool to effect changes in the mental 
environment. We can use them to shift, rearrange, add to, detract from, or 
change the polarity of various mental components. Thoughts are a form of 
energy, probably no different from electricity or light. They can act as a cause to 
produce some effect in the physical environment, as when we speak our 
thoughts, for example, as well as act as a cause to produce an effect in the 
mental environment. When we use our thoughts directed inward, we are 
basically using one form of energy as a tool to change the consistency and 
makeup of another form of energy, like using our thoughts to change a belief 
or release the negative energy out of a painful memory. 
It is precisely because of the inherent power within thoughts that people are so 
protective of themselves with the kinds of information (others people's thoughts 
expressed physically) they will expose themselves to. Everyone instinctively 
knows that if we allow ourselves to think about something, the thoughts have 
the power to change the way things exist inside of us. And once things change on 
the inside, we know we will perceive and experience a different outside. If 
we don't want to disturb the current relationship between inner and outer, 
we will consciously do whatever is necessary to make sure that we don't 
expose ourselves to anything that might threaten that relationship or think 
about anything in a way that would change the relationship. Change is the 
result of, first, a willingness to think. 
Personally, I believe that if we weren't meant to keep on growing mentally 
(adding to who we are by transcending what we have already learned) and 
furthermore if we weren't meant to direct that growth at a conscious level, 
then we would not have been given the ability to think, reason, and create. 
Implied within our ability to think, reason, and create is the inherent 
capability to learn our way out of the painful situations and dissatisfying life 
cycles in which we find ourselves. Painful life cycles begin with and are 
perpetuated by painful memories. So in essence what I am stating is that 
inherent within our ability to think and reason is the capability to heal our 
emotional wounds so that we can perceive what is available from the 
environment beyond our fears. Healing emotional wounds is something 
that we have to learn how to do by learning how to manage mental energy. 
Learning how to forget our painful memories by making them subconscious 
does not in any way reduce their significance on our perception of 
 134 
environmental information, or their potential to cause us to behave in 
certain ways. 
This is the gift of creativity that we were all born with. It is the capability 
to think beyond what our current beliefs, memories, and association would 
dictate as being true about the environment. The capability to reason beyond 
our current set of limitations (beliefs, painful memories, and erroneous 
associations) or use our  imaginations creatively is the one compensating force 
that allows us to grow, improve, and evolve beyond the painful and destructive 
life cycles that we get caught in, both as individuals and as a culture. 
However, there is something here that you may need to be mindful of: a 
capability to do something is not necessarily an ability to do something. 
Before a capability becomes an ability, it has to be cultivated into a skill. For 
example, we can use our imaginations to visualize and then project into the 
environment the fulfillment of some need or goal in some future moment. 
But that doesn't mean we are using our imaginations creatively. We may 
just be using our imaginations to project what is already in our memories 
or what we already believe. The same is true for our thoughts. Most of the 
time, they will originate out of our current set of beliefs and memories, so 
that what we will be thinking will correspond with the status quo. To 
create a more satisfying future for ourselves, we need to be able to imagine 
this future and project it out into the environment as some future moment. 
There is a direct correlation between what we project and what is already 
inside of us, unless of course, we are imagining something beyond what we 
already know. 
The only real limitations that exist with respect to thought are those 
rules that were either taught to us or the ones we made up for ourselves. We 
are not in any way restricted to just thinking about what we already believe is 
true or what we have already experienced. We are free to roam anywhere in 
our thoughts to explore any number of possibilities and choose to act on one 
of them, regardless of whether it is inside or outside of the current set of rules 
from which we operate, even to the point of using our thoughts to change 
any rules that we may have that says we can't. If we weren't meant to direct 
our own changes by thinking about how we might learn how to lead happier 
and more satisfying lives, then thinking, reasoning, and creativity wouldn't 
exist. 
To experience the same kind of painful conditions over and over again, 
in an environment that is in constant motion, implies that we don't perceive 
any other choices as being available that would result in more satisfying 
outcomes. What we perceive is directly connected to what we already know. 
To perceive other choices, other than the ones our beliefs, memories, and 
associations lock us into, we have to know something we haven't learned yet. 
So, learning our way out of a situation that is perpetually dissatisfying 
requires that we be open to thinking beyond what we already know. The 
environment will always offer us an opportunity for some degree of love, 
harmony, happiness, and success or some degree of despair, 
 135 
disappointment, anger, hate, and betrayal. What we end up with from each 
of these moments has to be a reflection of what is inside of us because the 
environment does not interpret the information it has to offer in any given 
moment. That process happens exclusively in each one of us. Remember the 
free money example in Chapter 10? The reality of pleasure existed right along 
with the reality of indifference or fear. The man was there to give money to 
anyone who wanted. How each person interpreted the data determined what 
reality they experienced.  
Creativity is synonymous with growth and change. Doesn't the word 
"create" imply bringing into existence something that did not previously 
exist? If it already existed, then it would have already been created. To use 
our imaginations creatively, we must to be willing to think outside of what 
we already know to be true or possible. For those of you who are not that 
familiar with various forms of creative thinking, you would be surprised 
how just the willingness to question the usefulness of something inside of 
us will bring forth an avalanche of inspiring alternatives. Otherwise, our 
memories and beliefs will cause us to think of the future in ways that 
directly correspond with our past, thus having the effect of locking us into 
the same recurring experiences. The names and places may change but the 
situations and circumstances and conditions always remain the same 
because we aren't changing our mental framework to perceive anything 
different. 
"Necessity is the mother of invention!" In other words, the need to create 
some new machine, device, or process to save time, save money, or make 
money isn't any different from the need to "create a new you" to experience 
success and a more satisfying life. The need will act as a force behind our 
thoughts to think beyond our current barriers so that we can expand. The 
barriers that act as a resisting force preventing us from expanding consist 
of many of our beliefs and all our painful memories. So we need a force to 
counteract and penetrate those barriers. That force is our thoughts and our 
willingness to use them in creative ways. 
AH our lives would become a lot easier to live and potentially more 
satisfying if we operated out of the belief that we are in a state of imperfect 
knowledge, evolving toward something that we haven't become yet. 
Everything is evolving into something that it isn't yet. It may not seem like 
it at times, but each moment of each day, we change into someone who 
was not the person we were a moment ago. At the physical level new cells 
are born and old cells die. At the mental level each moment that passes we 
experience something. Each experience adds to the inner environment in 
the form of a memory or belief. Each memory and belief builds a self-
concept that acts as a force on how we interact with the environment. Then 
as we interact with the environment, we change it in some way, creating a 
new environment for us to discover and experience. Everything that exists is 
evolving, because everything that exists is in motion, and motion creates 
change. Even the grandest mountain will eventually wear away into small 
 136 
rocks, which will themselves turn into sand and then dust. 
However, the main point here is that implied within this concept of 
evolution (where we are in a state of imperfect knowledge) is the view that 
mistakes don't exist. Mistakes just point the way to something that we 
haven't learned yet and obviously need to know. What exactly is a mistake 
anyway? We certainly weren't born with a concept or definition of what a 
mistake is. If left alone, all children will naturally keep on interacting with 
the environment to satisfy their own inner needs to learn and grow until 
they start to learn that what they are doing isn't quite up to the standards set 
by the people who are watching them. And all children just loved to be 
watched. 
The criteria that we use for how we define a mistake is something that we 
had to learn from someone. In other words, our parents and teachers passed 
their definitions on to us. These definitions would represent the mental 
framework for their unresolved painful experiences and what they 
themselves haven't learned about as being available from the environment 
beyond their pain. In other words, we pass on our ignorance, as well as our 
wisdom, without knowing at the time the difference between the two. And 
what was passed on that was dysfunctional will be regarded as the truth just 
the same as the wisdom. 
When we as adults instill in our children our rigid definitions of what 
constitutes a mistake (thinking that what we are going to do is save them), 
all we are really doing is perpetuating our pain in the next generation. A 
mistake isn't resolved until we evolve in our understanding to the point 
where we can garner the insight that is available from the experience. 
When that point is reached, what we experienced is no longer a mistake or 
painful because of what we have learned. However, until that point is 
reached, if ever, we will feel compelled to save others from the painful 
lessons of our mistakes, even to the point of beating it into them—for their 
own good, of course. By using pain, either emotional or physical as a means 
to save others from our mistakes, in effect what we are really doing is 
creating a cycle of fear. We ensure that our limited level of understanding 
and insight will be maintained in them because fear is a contracting force 
that stifles the learning process. In a very real way, we inflict the pain of our 
unresolved mistakes on our children just as our parents inflicted the pain of 
their unresolved mistakes on us. And it goes on generation after generation until 
someone decides to use their creative powers to break the cycle. 
To operate out of this belief in evolution so that we can naturally learn 
from the choices that we make, we have to first change our definitions of 
what constitutes a mistake. It is precisely these kinds of beliefs that act as 
mental blocks to perceive a more satisfying way of living. Mistakes are 
virtually synonymous with pain. We can find any number of ways to avoid 
acknowledging a mistake so we don't have to confront the pain, and in the 
process we cut ourselves off from what we need to know to grow, expand, 
and improve our lives. Even when we make a mistake where we supposedly 
 137 
knew better, if we really knew better, then we wouldn't have made the 
choices that we did that resulted in an outcome we define as a mistake. So 
we can assume that there is something inside of us that conflicts with our 
"better judgment" that has more power to influence our behavior. 
It isn't any less possible to change our definition of what constitutes a 
mistake than it is to intensify the emotional energy behind an insult as in the 
example. To change these definitions requires learning some techniques in 
mental energy management to de-energize or draw the negatively charged 
energy out of them. By doing so we will allow ourselves to learn from all 
our experiences instead of hiding from them, feeling pain, or punishing 
ourselves in some way. "Without the effects of these self-defeating 
definitions of mistakes, it is much easier to objectively monitor our 
progress toward the fulfillment of some goal. If we find our behavior 
inconsistent with the steps to achieving our goals it would tell us that our 
beliefs are not in harmony with those steps or the goal itself or that we don't 
have the appropriate resources. In any case, it is much easier to identify 
what we need to learn to accomplish our objective. 
 
THE BENEFITS OF LEARNING 
HOW TO MANAGE MENTAL ENERGY 
Increased Sense of Security and Confidence 
You will develop a sense of security and confidence knowing that you can 
confront conditions as they exist, identify what you need to learn to operate 
most effectively, and learn it. What better way to develop a sense of 
security than by learning how to develop the ability to adapt to the 
prevailing conditions to fulfill your needs satisfactorily. 
In the mental environment the memories of our experiences don't 
change over time, but the physical environment where our goals are 
fulfilled does. It is constantly moving forward, offering us new conditions, 
which, in turn, offer us different possibilities and opportunities, if we are 
open to being able to perceive them. What better form of goal 
achievement than to be able to change our mental perspective "at will" to 
be able to perceive these new conditions and use our imaginations 
creatively to determine the most appropriate set of steps to fulfill our needs 
or achieve our goals, even if we have never actually taken those steps 
before? 
For a truly successful trader, this form of thinking is essential. The 
possibilities of the type of movement the markets can display are almost 
endless because of the diverse number of forces affecting it. All of us have 
this tendency to mentally lock ourselves into only a very limited number of 
those ways. And when the market doesn't conform to our preconceived 
 138 
mental image, we make up the difference with distortions and illusions 
and suffer the consequences later. Trading doesn't have to be painful and 
devoid of fun. We make it that way for ourselves because of our mental 
inflexibility and inability to adapt. 
Increased Levels of Satisfaction 
As long as we are alive, we will have needs, and as long as we have needs, 
we are not whole the way we are. Our needs compel us to interact with the 
environment to achieve this state of wholeness. Growing into this state of 
wholeness requires that we keep on learning. To keep on learning we need 
to adapt. Learning is a primary function of our existence. When we fulfill 
this function, we are rewarded with feelings of happiness, well-being and 
satisfaction, all of which are by-products of the quality of our experiences 
with the outer environment and a function of how much we have learned. 
The antithesis of learning is resistance. When we resist what is being 
offered by the environment in the way of lessons, learning, and change we 
experience stress. Stress is the opposite of the sense of well-being, 
happiness, and excitement that we feel when we are learning. If we refuse 
to adapt, we shut down the learning process. The quality of our experiences 
deteriorates because our relationship with the outer environment 
deteriorates. The outer environment keeps on changing, while we remain 
unchanged, resulting in less of a correspondence between what is out there 
and what we know. Ultimately, we end up punishing ourselves for our 
resistance to adapt because what we experience is pain, disappointment, 
stress, anxiety, and dissatisfaction, which are all by-products of our lack of 
insight, understanding, and what we won't allow ourselves to do because of 
fear. 
Increased Intuition 
As you gain in your confidence to change the inside to experience a 
different outside, you will also increase your ability to confront difficult 
issues that all of us would have a tendency to avoid. Instead of confronting, 
we learn a number of avoidance techniques like alcohol, drugs, distortions, 
rationalizations, or even wishing and hoping, all of which can result in 
painful forced awarenesses. We eventually have to confront these issues 
anyway because they rarely if ever (just) go away. The longer we wait, the 
worse the conditions usually get, making it increasingly more difficult to 
resolve. 
However, there is another less obvious problem with avoidance, 
especially with respect to wishing and hoping. A true intuitive impulse—a 
deeper level of knowledge and wisdom that will indicate the next most 
appropriate step to take—that will always be in our best interests feels 
very much like wishing and hoping. In other words, it is very difficult to 
distinguish between the two, making it very easy to mix them up, which is 
 139 
one of the reasons why we find it so difficult to trust our intuition. The way 
you can know for sure that you are getting a true intuitive impulse is to 
clear out of your mental environment anything that would cause you to 
wish and hope that something will happen instead of confronting the issue 
head on to find out what needs to be done. You can wish and hope that the 
market will come back, or you can cut your loss and make yourself ready 
to take the next opportunity. To be able to cut your loss and be ready to 
take the next opportunity requires that you change anything in your 
mental environment that would cause you to avoid confrontation and 
consequently wish and hope. The less cause you have for wishing and 
hoping that something will happen, the more you will know that when you 
get that certain feeling, it is a true intuitive impulse, and the more 
confidence you will have to follow it. Intuition will always guide you in the 
most appropriate way to fulfill your needs. 
Just so there is no misunderstanding here, I am not stating that there is 
anything inherently wrong with wishing and hoping. There are some ways 
in which wishing and hoping can be very useful. As traders, however, we 
cannot afford the luxury of wishing and hoping because it puts us in a 
passive relationship with the markets. When we wish and hope, we are 
shifting responsibility on to the markets for making something happen 
instead of confronting the conditions and doing something about it 
ourselves. If we find ourselves wishing and hoping, it is an excellent 
indication that we don't know what is going on and as a result need to get 
out of the markets until we do. 
Wisdom 
When we step through our fears to break some cycle of frustration and 
dissatisfaction or change the polarity of a painful memory to break a cycle 
of pain, we gain in wisdom because we learn all sides of an issue. Wisdom is 
not afraid, angry, intolerant, or prejudiced because there is a deep level of 
understanding, confidence, and trust, all coming from having experienced 
the full range of possibilities from extreme negative to increasingly greater 
degrees of positive. If we have experienced only the negative side of a 
certain type of experience, we feel fear. If we have experienced only the 
positive (never having had a painful experience in certain area), we won't 
have that particular fear, but we do develop an intolerance or even a disdain 
for anyone who has had a negative experience. 
This intolerance stems from our own underlying fear of vulnerability. 
For instance, it is clear that the negative exists in the environment as a 
possibility, but since it has never happened to us, we either don't 
understand "their fear" or don't want to confront any information that 
would indicate the same possibilities for a painful experience also exist for 
us. Anyone who has truly transcended a fear doesn't look down upon those 
who haven't because they don't have anything to fear. When we step 
through some fear to experience other possibilities, not only do we give 
 140 
ourselves more choices, we also gain in wisdom. Wisdom is the by-product 
that results when we retain a distinction about the nature of the 
environment without the negative energy or fear associated with that 
distinction. Wisdom is ultimately the silver lining in every dark cloud. 
However, to gain this wisdom we have to actively change our negatives into 
positives, because if we are offered a positive experience in an area where we 
have only experienced the negative, we wouldn't believe it. Actually we 
couldn't believe it, because we wouldn't have the mental framework to 
accept it for what it is. The environment will be as we perceive it, and the 
way we perceive information and events is controlled by the energy already 
inside of us, unless it is a first-time experience. When we don't actively 
work at turning our negatives into positives, we just stay angry and afraid. 
It's our choice. We were all given the gift of creativity and the free will to 
think any way in which we choose, and we can use our thoughts to change 
the quality of our lives, if we want to. 
 141 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 14 
Techniques for 
Effecting Change  
This chapter offers various techniques for effecting change. Also included are 
various exercises to implement these changes. 
DIRECTING A CONSCIOUS SHIFT IN 
BELIEF SYSTEMS 
The conscious mind (that part of us that is aware of the our surroundings and 
what we are thinking at any given moment) can generate thoughts outside of the 
framework of our beliefs or belief systems. In other words, we can ask questions 
about the validity or usefulness of any belief and purposefully direct our attention 
to any area where we might discover something more useful or better suited to 
the conditions. Any new knowledge comes from those who question the status 
quo and have a willingness to go beyond and a willingness to accept the next 
answer. 
I know this is probably going to sound overly simplistic to most readers, and 
it is also something everybody already knows, but not everybody knows it 
within the context of changing beliefs: The wanting to is the how. To identify 
or change anything in the mental environment requires that you want to, 
because to want something you have to think about it, and when we think 
about something, we are generating thought energy. This is the same energy 
that our beliefs, memories, and associations are composed of, and, as such, 
thoughts have the power to change, reorganize, add to, detract from, or 
change the polarity of anything in the mental environment. In essence you 
can use our thoughts to create a new identity because we want to.  
 142 
Each choice we make on a conscious level, even just to choose to redirect 
our thoughts from an inappropriate belief (relative to our needs now), will 
start to make a neurological change in the electrical circuitry of our brain. If 
you go as far as to make a choice that is inconsistent with a belief you want 
to decharge and then act out of that belief, it will eventually lose its power 
and consequently lose its potential to affect our behavior. 
It is important for you to understand that beliefs cannot be destroyed; 
once we have formed one, it will be with us for the rest of our lives. 
However, we can draw all the energy out of them. For example, a pile of 
wood set on fire will release the energy of the wood into the atmosphere as 
heat. The wood will be transformed into ashes. The ashes do not have the 
potential to produce any heat and, thus, will have little if any effect on the 
environment. Yet the ashes still exist. De-energized beliefs work the same 
way. They will always exist but no longer have any effect on our perception 
of information or our behavior. Many of us once believed in the tooth fairy 
and the bogeyman in the closet. Eventually these beliefs just naturally 
collapsed as we learned more about the nature of the environment. Up to 
that point, however, they definitely had an effect on our perception of 
information and behavior. Now, we can say I remember when I used to 
believe that. To remember that we used to believe something means that the 
belief still exists; it just no longer has any power in our mental system. 
Each belief you identify will form a comfort zone. The boundaries of this 
comfort zone are set by the limitations inherent within any belief that 
make up the zone. All definitions set boundary tines and make 
distinctions. Each belief is our truth about reality. Beliefs define not only 
our environment, but also who we are in relation to that environment. 
These definitions establish the amount of tolerance for awareness that we 
have for what exists in both the internal and external environment. For 
example, do you have a belief that would allow for the possibility of the 
market doing anything at any given moment? If not, what do you believe 
can't happen? If what you believe can't happen did happen, how long would 
it take you to be able to recognize it, if at all? Notice the boundary lines in 
awareness created by the structure of the belief. 
There is one thing you should keep in mind as you learn to change 
your beliefs to be more reflective of your intents and goals. With all change 
there is struggle. Volcanos, childbirth, social revolution, wind, rain, and 
waves are all examples of the violent nature of the forces of change. That is 
why so many people find it difficult to be creative. We are attracted and 
compelled toward creativity, on the one hand, because it is an inherent part 
of our nature. However, on the other hand, we don't want to confront the 
conflict and ensuing struggle between the old and the new. It is essentially 
the same when you change a belief. There will be some conflict or some 
degree of uncomfortableness as you move from one set of beliefs to 
another. However, the uncomfortableness does pass, and just like anything 
else, the more you do it, the easier it gets, until it becomes a learned skill 
 143 
that you can use just like any other that is a part of who you are. 
EXERCISE TO IDENTIFY 
CONFLICTING BELIEFS 
Set a timer for 10 minutes. 
Write a series of statements that begin with "I am." 
Write as fast as you can and let every thought come to your conscious 
attention. It is extremely important that you do not censor any 
statements, especially the contradictory ones. 
At the end of the 10 minutes, look at the list and cross out everything 
that is a fact. For example, you would cross out statements such as I am a 
man/woman, I am blue-eyed, I am brown-haired. 
All the statements that remain are the beliefs you are looking for. The 
beliefs that contradict each other are of particular importance. 
Contradictory beliefs cancel your energy because you have a built-in mental 
conflict between the validity of one belief expressing itself only at the 
direct expense of another belief. 
What are some examples of conflicting or contradictory beliefs? 
 
I have to win./I may be undeserving. 
I am a winner./I am a loser. 
I am successful./I've missed my chance to be successful. 
I deserve more./I am guilty. 
I am a perfectionist./I believe humans are inherently imperfect. 
I am trusting./I am untrustworthy or people are generally 
untrustworthy. 
I believe there is no middle ground of satisfaction between winning and 
failure./I am pleased with myself and my progress. 
I am honest./I am dishonest or people are generally dishonest. 
I believe working is the honest way of making money./I believe trading 
is easy money, not work. 
 
Asking Yourself Questions 
Here are some questions you can ask yourself that will help you to identify 
some beliefs that may argue against your giving yourself more money. 
What do you believe about guilt? How do you know when to feel 
 144 
guilty? 
Under what conditions would you not feel guilty, even if someone else 
wanted you to? 
Is it possible to transfer those same standards to areas where you 
would feel guilty? 
What would stop you? 
Who or what out of your past says it is wrong and you can't do that? 
Is their assessment of reality any more valid than yours? If so, why? 
Do you find these beliefs useful? If so, in what ways? Do you find them 
limiting? If so, in what ways? 
If you could identify and change the experience that created the 
belief, how would you change it? 
What would stop you from changing it? 
For the following questions you can substitute the words "is true" for the 
words "do you believe." 
What do you believe about competition? 
What do you believe about taking money from other people as a result 
of your superior trading skills? 
What do you believe about losses? What do you believe about other 
people's opinions? When are they valid? When aren't they valid? What 
do you believe about being wrong? 
By answering these questions, you will begin to gain a sense of your own 
particular behavior and the range of choices you allow for yourself, or do 
not allow for yourself, as a result of your beliefs. 
Sometimes it is easier to identify a belief by trying to notice what you 
specifically believe is not true. You could also look at your beliefs as if 
they belonged to someone else. If they did belong to someone else, think of 
an experience in which this other person responded to certain life situations 
in very typical ways (because of your beliefs). Then think of ways he or 
she could respond if he or she had different beliefs. 
When you discover some beliefs that aren't particularly useful or are 
inconsistent with your goals, then use an affirmation or collapsing technique 
to decharge the energy out of it. 
 
 
WRITING AS A TECHNIQUE TO 
EFFECT CHANGE 
Every movement we make alters the physical landscape in some way. The 
 145 
more dramatic or expressive our movements, the greater the alterations. By 
the same token, every thought alters the mental landscape in some way. The 
more expressive our thoughts, in other words, the more energy we generate 
in our willingness to think, the greater the potential to effect some change. 
The change comes from what we are willing to think. Wanting to direct 
your conscious thought process toward a specific intent is what effects this 
change. I have found writing is one of the most powerful tools available to 
focus my thinking and effect some change I desire. 
When we write it is a physicalized version of what is going on inside of 
our mental environment. Your willingness to write about certain issues 
directs your attention and gives the rest of the parts of your mental 
environment instructions. What flows up or out of your consciousness is 
what is there. Once you find out what is there, you can then direct any 
changes by writing back instructions into the mental environment. This 
can be a very powerful technique, depending on how much power you put 
into it. 
If I were to do a schematic of the process it would look something like 
this: 
Consciousness /barb2right to /barb2right Mental environment (instructions for certain 
information). 
The information flows to consciousness (maybe not right away). 
Consciousness physicalizes the information by writing it; this makes it real 
and tangible. Consciousness becomes aware of the information (self-
discovery). Consciousness makes the connections between the nature of the 
information and the life conditions one has been experiencing. 
Consciousness assesses the current structure of the mental environment for 
its usefulness. Consciousness wants to create new conditions. 
Consciousness asks, "What beliefs do I need as resources to be more 
effective or create the conditions I desire?" This is the beauty and essence 
of the creative process—to ask yourself a question and wait for the answer 
to pop into your consciousness or allow yourself to be directed to the 
answer. Consciousness will know when it has found the most appropriate 
answer because it will ring true in your mind or you will feel the truth of it 
in your body. Consciousness then formulates these new awarenesses into 
instructions for change. Then consciousness writes these changes back into 
the mental environment, giving yourself instructions to accept these new 
awarenesses as truth. The act of writing forces us to focus our thoughts in 
a manner that is consistent with what we want to create, and those 
thoughts alter the mental landscape. 
AN EXERCISE TO DEVELOP 
SELF-DISCIPLINE 
Self-discipline is a word used to describe a process of learning how to take 
 146 
conscious control of your actions. It is not a personality trait or something 
you are born with. It is a specific thought methodology, a mental resource, 
that allows you to change a belief or belief system when it is in conflict 
with some goal or objective. Self-discipline is a more direct method of 
effecting some change because you would be purposefully acting in a 
manner that is in direct conflict with whatever you want to change. 
So I would define self-discipline as willfully behaving outside of the 
boundaries of some belief (dealing with the emotional discomfort your 
actions will produce) to accomplish a certain goal or task that is inconsistent 
with that belief. If you work outside of that belief long enough, it will 
eventually de-energize. The rate at which the underlying belief will de-
energize is really not a function of time but rather intensity. In other words, 
the greater the intensity of our willingness and resolve, the faster the 
conflicting belief will lose its power. 
For example, let's say you want to quit smoking or lose weight. These are 
conscious goals. Your beliefs (at least some of them) will be in conflict with 
these goals. The belief system supporting the smoker definition will 
probably have a great deal of power in your mental system. You can gauge 
the power of these beliefs or any beliefs by paying attention to how much 
discomfort and resistance you feel when you attempt to act (a conscious 
decision) in a way that is inconsistent with them. It is very difficult thing to 
do. It's as if beliefs take on a life of their own and demand expression both 
in our thoughts and behavior.  
You can change these or any other definitions of yourself. However, you 
must first identify them and then determine how useful they are in helping 
you get what you want. You could ask yourself, "Is this belief a resource or 
obstacle to the successful fulfillment of my goal?" One way you can change 
these definitions is to build a mental resource for the sole purpose of 
changing beliefs that are not useful. I am going to call this mental resource 
"self-discipline." 
Here is an exercise that will help you learn specifically how to develop 
and use self-discipline in your life. The purpose of this exercise is to help 
you learn how to use your mind in different ways. You'll be training your 
mind to stay positively focused on what you consciously want. You will also 
learn how to gauge internal resistance from belief systems, and how to build 
mental resources for taking conscious control of your life. 
1.  Make a list of several things you dislike doing, feel you can't do, or 
would like to stop doing or some things you have never done before 
and think you might enjoy You could start a jogging or exercise 
program or take out the garbage on a regular basis, for example. 
2.  Once you have your list, look it over and pick a task that has a very 
low priority in your life or one of the least important items. 
3.  Next, tell yourself in the most positive way that doing this new task you 
have consciously decided upon is something you now want in your 
 147 
life. Don't say you are going to try and do it. A commitment to try to 
fulfill a goal is not strong enough. 
4.  Set up a rigid schedule for yourself to accomplish this new goal. 
5.  With each attempt to adhere to your schedule, keep track of your 
thought process or stream of thoughts by writing them down. At this 
point you might be saying to yourself, "How do I keep track of my 
thought process?" 
In the physical environment we are constantly being bombarded with all 
sorts of information competing for our attention. We are aware of many 
things going on around us simultaneously. In effect our consciousness is 
split in many different directions at the same moment. Use a part of your 
consciousness to pay attention to what is going on inside of your head. You 
will be using a part of yourself to monitor your stream of thoughts as if they 
didn't belong to you. If you can temporarily act as if you were monitoring 
someone else's stream of thoughts, it may be much easier to gather the 
information you need to make this exercise meaningful. 
6.  As you attempt to adhere to your schedule, do you find yourself 
experiencing resistance, excuses, or rationalizations? If so, notice how 
these thoughts divert your conscious attention away from your 
goal. This is a classic example of a conflict between the conscious 
goal you have set for yourself and your belief system that doesn't have 
a belief or definition that corresponds with what you consciously 
want to do. 
7.  At this point you need to redirect your attention to the task you 
have chosen for yourself. What is most important is that you 
understand the necessity of directing as much energy toward the 
fulfillment of your goal as possible. You will have to generate more 
power toward keeping your attention focused on your goal than the 
amount of energy being directed through the beliefs that distract 
your attention away from your goal. 
However, there is one aspect to this exercise I must caution you about. 
Redirecting your attention away from what distracts you to what you 
consciously want, does not mean that you suppress or deny what may be 
distracting you. Acceptance and acknowledgment of what exists within you 
will allow you to work with it. Suppression and denial require a lot of 
energy; this has the effect of supporting the beliefs you are trying to 
suppress. Be gentle with yourself. 
Each time you set out to accomplish your task, and do so, you create a 
resource that helps you do it again. Each success will draw some energy 
away from the beliefs that acted as obstacles. With each success you will 
also be allocating energy to the new definition of yourself. This new 
definition allows you to start the task each time with greater and greater 
 148 
ease until the definition becomes a fundamental part of your mental 
system. When that happens, your actions concerning this task will seem 
automatic.  
The most important aspect of this exercise is the experience you gain in 
understanding the process of changing beliefs. Each time you set out to 
change a belief or set of beliefs, you'll gain a resource that enables you to do 
it again. Each success you experience will help develop another set of 
beliefs that allow you to change more beliefs if and when it suits your 
purposes. You will establish a new definition of yourself that says: "I 
believe I can identify and change any belief about myself that may be in 
conflict with my conscious goals." For this exercise to be effective, you must 
keep a few rules in mind. First, start the exercise with a task or goal that is 
truly insignificant and has little meaning in your life. The objective of the 
exercise is learning how to manipulate your inner environment consciously 
and direct your conscious focus of attention. The goal you decide upon as 
the object of the exercise should not have a lot of value attached to the 
outcome. If it does, that would be an indication you may be taking on some 
very powerful and entrenched belief systems. This is something you 
definitely want to avoid until you have developed the necessary skills and 
resources. 
Then, recognize that from the moment we are born, we are taught how to 
manipulate the outer physical environment; however, you may not have the 
resources to be even minimally effective at manipulating the mental 
environment. As a result, it is extremely important that you do not judge 
your ability to execute the schedule you set up according to the standards 
of performance you expect of yourself in the physical environment. If you 
expect too much and judge your ability harshly, it will only negate your 
efforts and set up a fear and inadequacy cycle. The less you expect of 
yourself, the faster you will progress. An expectation can easily become a 
demand that it be fulfilled. Demands usually generate a certain amount of 
fear that the demands will not be met. When you are working in the inner 
environment, fear will always negate your positive efforts unless your 
intent is to identify the source of your fear. 
Finally, not having any expectations from your efforts to carry out your 
plan will also have the secondary benefit of helping you to learn to accept 
whatever you accomplish as being all right. Any step, no matter how small, 
is a step. Just deciding you want to do this exercise is significant, even if 
you don't follow through with it right away. You may come back to it some 
day when you have more of a "sense" of the power you will acquire from the 
ability to manipulate your inner environment consciously to be consistent 
with your goals. So, to keep yourself from having any expectation about how 
well you should do at this or any other exercise I offer you, I suggest you 
consider yourself an infant in a brand new environment. You will have to learn 
how to stand up before you can begin to walk or run. 
 149 
SELF-HYPNOSIS 
Self-hypnosis is a relaxation technique that allows one to bypass the reasoning 
process of the conscious mind to make it easier to accept some message. So it is 
an excellent technique for establishing new beliefs or collapsing old beliefs. For 
those of you who are interested, I have a self-hypnosis tape specifically designed to 
make it easier to learn how to cut your losses, reverse yourself, trust your 
intuition, and value yourself more. For more information, you can contact me at 
Trading Behavior Dynamics, Inc., in Chicago or through the publisher. 
POSITIVE AFFIRMATIONS 
When you are in a trade and start to experience anxiety about what is happening 
in the market, you will likely take those anxious thoughts and start running 
them through a negative loop—like thinking about money instead of the 
structure of the market or what the market is doing to you. Eventually you will 
run enough thought energy through your consciousness that it will cause you to 
act in a way that is not in your best interests. A positive affirmation will work the 
same way. Formulate a positive affirmation of some trait or characteristic of the 
way in which you want to be. For example, you may want to become a more 
patient person and wait for the market to give the signals to act. With an 
affirmation like "I am becoming a more patient person every day," you will 
eventually become that person. In other words we will behave in a manner that is 
consistent with the affirmation, if we run enough thought energy through that 
affirmation. Eventually, the affirmation becomes a belief with enough energy to 
affect our behavior.  
The following are affirmations that, once turned into beliefs, will be very 
effective resources in helping you to work in your inner environment. 
1.  All beliefs are about reality, and are not necessarily predominate 
characteristics of reality. I will examine and question my beliefs in 
relationship to their usefulness in achieving my goals. 
2.  I believe in the power of my conscious mind to make available to me 
all the information I need to know. 
3.  I have the power to change any belief in a way that would make it 
more useful in achieving my goals of happiness, harmony, 
financial wealth, and being more productive. 
4.  I believe I am free to change the way I feel about any past 
experience. 
5.  I believe I have the ability to examine the contents of my mind. 
6.  I trust that all my beliefs about the way I trade will become known to 
me. 
7.  I place no particular importance on these beliefs about trading other 
 150 
than the fact that they exist. 
8.  I have chosen these beliefs at certain points in my life and accepted 
them as true at the time. As I examine them, I realize that they may 
not be particularly useful or true for me now. I accept this and I feel 
free to change all those beliefs that are inconsistent with my current 
goals. 
9.  My first and immediate goal is to identify all my beliefs that may be 
in conflict with my long-term objectives of_______________. 
10.  I trust myself to become consciously aware of these beliefs in many 
different ways. Once I become aware of these beliefs, I can just as 
easily let them go to make space for new beliefs that are more 
consistent with my current goals. 
11.  I believe that changing and expanding my awareness and comfort 
zones are a necessary aspect of my growth and survival, and I 
welcome these opportunities to identify old beliefs and consequently 
grow and expand. 
12. I feel an intense desire to succeed and achieve my goal of ___________. 
Consequently I have an intense desire to clear my inner path of any 
resistance or obstructions that stand in the way of the fulfillment of my 
goal. 
 151 
 
 
 
 
PART IV 
How to Become a 
Disciplined Trader 
 152 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 15 
The Psychology of 
Price Movement  
My objective for this chapter is to break down and analyze the dynamics 
and psychology of price movement, first, at its most fundamental level, that 
of the individual trader; then I will broaden the explanation by examining 
the behavior of traders collectively as a group. I want to demonstrate that, if 
you understand the psychological forces inherent within traders' actions, 
you can easily determine what they believe about the future by just 
observing what they do. Once you know what traders believe about the 
future, it's not that difficult to anticipate what they are likely to do next, 
under certain circumstances and conditions. 
What is really important about this insight is that it will help you to 
understand the distinctions between wishful thinking and the actual 
potential that exists for the market to move in any given direction. You will 
be learning to let the market tell you what to do by understanding the 
forces behind its behavior and then learning to differentiate between pure, 
uncontaminated market information and how that information is distorted 
once it starts doing something to you. 
The most fundamental component of the markets is traders. Keep in mind 
that traders are the only force that can act on prices to make them move. 
Everything else is secondary. What makes a market? Two traders willing to 
trade, one wanting to buy and one wanting to sell, who agree on a price and 
then make a trade. 
What does the last posted price represent? The last posted price is what 
someone was willing to pay and what someone was willing to sell for at the 
moment the two traders agreed on the trade. It reflects an agreement in 
 153 
present value between those traders acting at that price. 
What is the bid? A trader announcing the price at which he is willing to 
buy. What is the offer? A trader announcing the price at which he is willing 
to sell. How do traders make money? There are only two ways to play this 
game to make money. To buy at a price you believe is low relative to 
where you can sell it back at some future point in time. Or to sell at a price 
you believe is high relative to where you can buy it back at some future 
point in time. 
Now, let's take a look inside the pit to see what has to happen for prices 
to move off equilibrium and how this will tell us what traders believe. 
98-18    The offer, sellers attempting to sell high. 
98-17    Equilibrium, the last price. 
98-16    The bid, buyers attempting to buy low. 
Since the only object to trading is to make money we can assume that a 
trader will not knowingly enter into a trade believing he is going to lose. 
And for a trade to exist requires two traders who agree on a price. However, 
from the moment two traders agree to the trade, they are both subjecting 
themselves to market risk. In other words, the next tick is going to make 
one of them a winner and the other a loser. Since we know that both 
traders want to win and neither trader wants to lose, we can assume that 
both traders have completely opposite beliefs about the future value of the 
contract. So for two traders to agree on a price and make a trade, they have 
to have diametrically opposing beliefs about the future. The buyer believes 
he is buying low relative to where he can sell back at some point in the 
future, and the seller believes he is selling high relative to where he can buy 
back at some point in the future. 
If the next tick is going to make one of them a winner and one a loser, 
we can assume that neither one of them believes he is going to be that loser. 
If the seller believed the next tick was going to be up, why wouldn't he have 
waited to sell it higher? The same is true for the buyer. That is the object of 
the game and the only way to make money. Basically what we have is a 
situation where two opposing forces are clashing; both believe they are right 
about the future, and only one side can profit at the direct expense of the 
other. 
If the last price of a bond future was 99-14, what has to happen for the 
price to move to 99-15? Very simply, some trader has to be willing to bid 
and pay higher than the last price. This means that relative to the last 
posted price, he has to be willing to do the opposite of buying low. Any 
trader or group of traders willing to buy high or sell low relative to the last 
posted price is very significant for several reasons. 
First, a trader willing to buy high or sell low instead of buy low or sell 
high has to have a stronger conviction in his belief in the future value, even 
if his conviction is out of panic. Second, he is making the last price a bottom. 
 154 
Third, he is aggressively taking the initiative and is making losers out of 
everyone who sold at the last price and deepened the losses of those who 
sold lower. Fourth, he is creating price movement that can possibly gather 
momentum if other traders perceive the new price as low relative to the 
future. This will also be true for the trader who is paying up to liquidate a 
position. On the other hand, the seller on the other side of his trade is 
being lured into the market by the attractiveness of the high price at which 
he can sell. He believes he is getting the edge. He is in fact selling high, but 
he is not creating movement or much of a possibility for momentum in his 
direction. He is picking a top and waiting for something to happen, hoping 
it won't go any higher. 
Now, what do the actions of the two traders represent about the market 
in its collective form? First, this trade tells us that nobody had a strong 
enough belief in the future value to risk selling it to him at the last price or 
lower. Second, nobody was aggressive enough to want to enter the market 
short or liquidate an existing long position by offering to sell it at the last 
price or lower. A consummated trade at the next higher level creates a new 
equilibrium. This new equilibrium makes winners out of all the buyers at 
the last level and losers of all the sellers at the last level.  
All of the losers at the last price level or lower would have to maintain a 
belief in the future value to stay in their position or demonstrate a 
conviction in this future value by adding on to their positions. This is 
because each new level the price is bid up makes it that much more 
attractive to them. If they believed it was high at lower levels, at each higher 
level, it's even a better trade. However, at the same time, each move the 
market makes against their position invalidates the sellers' expectation of 
future value. Each move clearly demonstrates that the sellers are passive, 
that the buyers are the aggressors, and that the buyers have a greater 
potential to move the market in their direction. 
The fact that buyers are aggressively bidding up the price and paying 
more and more again tells the observer something. It tells him there aren't 
enough sellers to meet the buyers' demand for a trade at each new price 
level. If there is a limited supply of sellers, those traders wanting to buy 
will have to compete among one another for the limited number of sellers 
available willing to take the other side of the trade. 
Just observing this price action tells you that at the present moment, the 
momentum is in favor of the buyers. Prices would not be bid up unless 
there were fewer sellers in relation to the buyers. If traders continue to pay 
more and more, the price gets further away from old sellers. Eventually 
their belief in future value will erode, and one by one the sellers will join 
the existing pool of buyers competing against one another for the fewer and 
fewer traders willing to sell. As long as the ratio between buyers and sellers 
remains as I have just described, there is very little potential for downward 
price momentum to be established. 
Now what will start to tip the balance to cause the market to fall back? 
 155 
For one thing, old buyers will eventually take profits. When they do, they 
will be joining the existing pool of sellers, thereby increasing the number of 
traders available to sell. If a move gathers enough steam, it can become 
similar to a frenzied shark feeding. Eventually, prices will be driven way out 
of line with some economic factors other traders perceive as relevant 
compelling them to enter the market in the opposite direction. If these new 
traders enter with enough force, it will likely cause old buyers to panic 
adding to the downward momentum. 
Maybe you can visualize this back and forth action. When there are more 
sellers than there are buyers to take the other side of the trade, the balance 
will be tipped. Sellers will then aggressively offer to sell lower than the last 
price, responding to what they perceive as a limited number of buyers to 
take the other side of the trade. 
All price movement is a function of group behavior. The market prices 
flow back and forth like a tug of war between those who believe and 
expect the market to go up—and consequently buy— and those that 
believe the market will go lower—and consequently sell. 
If there is no balance between the two forces, one side will gain 
dominance over the other. As prices move farther and farther away from 
the weak group, the emotional pain of admitting they are wrong will be in 
direct conflict with their need to avoid losses. Eventually, one by one they 
will lose faith in their position and liquidate their trade, adding to the 
momentum of the dominant force. 
The prevailing force will continue to dominate until there is a general 
perception that prices have gone too far and are out of line with other 
related factors. The members of the dominant force will have to switch 
sides to liquidate their positions, creating momentum in the opposite 
direction. 
As individuals, if we do not have the strength actually to move prices in 
the direction we would most benefit from, then the next best thing is to 
learn to identify and align ourselves with the side that has established 
dominance until the balance shifts and again align ourselves with the side 
establishing the strength. 
As prices move back and forth in this tug of war, it creates an ebb and 
flow that is easily identifiable in price charts or point and figure charts. 
These charts will show us in graphic terms how the forces interact and 
counteract. They are a visual representation of traders' beliefs in the future 
and the intensity in which they have been willing to act on those beliefs. 
If, for example, a market has been making consistently higher highs and 
higher lows, to determine what is likely to happen next, ask yourself the 
following questions: 
1.  What kind of price action will sustain the buyers' beliefs that they can 
make more money? 
2.  When are sellers likely to come into the market in force? 
 156 
3.  Where are old buyers likely to take profits? Where are old sellers likely to 
lose faith in their positions and bail out? 
4.  What would have to happen for buyers to lose faith? What would have to 
happen to draw new buyers into the market? 
You can answer all these questions by identifying certain significant reference 
points where buyers' and or sellers' expectations are likely to be raised and where 
they are likely to be disappointed if they don't get their way. 
Actually, all this works quite nicely in the typical market behavior patterns and 
price formations with which we are all familiar. So, we are going to look at the 
psychological makeup of some of these typical patterns. However, before we do, 
I want to cover a few more definitions. 
 
MARKET BEHAVIOR 
The market's behavior can be defined as the collective action of individuals 
acting in their own self-interest to profit from future price movement while 
simultaneously creating that movement as an expression of their beliefs about the 
future. 
Behavior patterns result from the collective actions of individual traders doing 
one of three things: initiating positions, holding positions, and liquidating 
positions. 
What will cause a trader to enter the market? A belief that he can make money 
and that the current state of the market offers an opportunity to enter into a 
trade at a price level that is higher or lower than the price at which it can be 
liquidated. 
What will cause a trader to hold a position? A sustained belief that there is still 
potential for profit in the trade. 
What will cause a trader to liquidate a trade? A belief that the market no 
longer provides an opportunity to make money. This would mean in a winning 
trade that the market no longer has the potential to move in a direction that will 
allow the trader to accumulate additional profits or that the risk of staying in the 
trade is too great in relation to the potential for additional profit. In a losing 
trade, the trader believes that the market no longer has the potential to move 
in a direction that will allow him to recover his losses or the trade was a 
calculated risk in which a predetermined loss level was set in advance. 
If you look at any price chart, you notice that over a period of time, 
prices will form patterns in a very symmetrical fashion. These kinds of 
symmetrical-looking price patterns are not an accident. They are a visual 
representation of the struggle between two opposing forces—traders 
squaring off, so to speak, taking sides and then having to switch sides to 
liquidate their trades. 
 
Significant Reference Points 
 157 
Now, what you would be looking for in these charts are significant market 
reference points. These are defined as anything that causes traders' 
expectations to be raised about the possibility of something happening. 
They are points where a large numbers of traders have taken opposing 
positions. Based on those expectations, they will continue to hold a 
position in the belief that the expectation will be fulfilled, and most 
important, they will likely liquidate a position as a result of the expectation 
being unfulfilled 
Significant reference points are places where the opposing forces (traders 
with opposite beliefs about the future) have taken a stand, where they have, 
in their minds, prescribed for the market very limited ways for it to 
behave, an either/or situation. 
The more significant the reference point, the greater the effect traders 
will have on prices, as the balance of power will shift dramatically between 
the two opposing forces at these points. 
These expectations about what the market will do, projected into price 
levels, are especially significant because both sides, buyers and sellers, have 
decided in advance their degree of importance, where one trader is taking 
one position, betting the market can't or won't do something, and the trader 
taking the opposite side of the trade is betting that it will. 
So, reference points are price levels where many traders on one side of 
the market are very likely to give up their beliefs about the future, whereas 
the other side will have their beliefs about the future reinforced. It is where 
each side expects the market to confirm what they believe to be true. You 
could say it is a place where the traders' expectations about the future and 
the future actually meet. 
This means for one side, in their minds, that "the market" will make 
them winners; their beliefs will be validated. All the traders on the other 
side, however, will be made losers; they will feel the market took 
something away from them and will naturally be disappointed. I want to 
point out here that the "objective observer" doesn't care one way or the 
other; she would just be looking for signs and opportunities. 
The greater the expectation traders have about something happening, 
the less tolerance they have for disappointment. On a collective basis, if 
you have a whole group of traders who expect something to happen and it 
doesn't, they will have to trade from the opposite direction of their 
original trade to get out of their position. 
On the other hand, the winners had their beliefs validated, consequently 
leaving fewer and fewer traders available to let the losers out of their trades. 
The losers will have to compete among one another for the limited supply 
of traders willing to take the other side of the trade, the side they originally 
believed would be successful. For example, if buyers are the losers, they 
will need other traders to buy from them to get out of their positions. All this 
activity will result in a great deal of movement in one direction. 
 
 158 
Balance Areas 
J. Peter Steidlmayer and Kevin Koy in their book Markets and Market Logic 
(Chicago: Porcupine Press, 1987) refer to a "value area," where they 
discovered that the majority of trading activity on any given day takes 
place in a normal bell curve distribution pattern. This is very easy to see 
day after day when you organize trading activity so that you can see how 
price corresponds with time. 
I don't want to get into a lengthy discussion of their methods of 
organizing market data, which I recommend you learn, other than to 
distinguish between what they call a "value area" and what I call a "balance 
area." Steidlmayer and Koy say that most of the trading volume takes place 
within a specific price range because that range is what the market has 
established as a fair price representing the value of whatever is being traded.  
The distinction I want to make is that the majority of traders don't 
specifically relate to a fair price or value; they relate to comfort. What gives 
them comfort is doing what everyone else is doing. In a balance area, traders 
are basically absorbing each other's orders or energy (their beliefs about the 
future expressed in the form of energy). When I say that traders relate to 
comfort, I mean some degree less of the fear they normally feel. Most of 
the trades take place in a value or balance area because it is where most of 
the traders feel the least fear, somewhere in the middle of the trading 
range between an established high or low. This is precisely why there are 
fewer trades outside the value or balance area and why, as Steidlmayer and 
Koy say, these trades represent the best opportunities to make money, "to 
buy or sell away from value." And that is why these are the scariest trades 
to make because the trader who can make them is all alone; there is no 
safety in numbers. 
There are traders who relate to value by making comparisons between 
various interrelated contracts and the cash markets. There are the 
professional commercial or institutional arbitrage traders who will put on 
or take off positions based on sophisticated mathematical formulas that 
determine the present value of something as it relates to something else. 
Otherwise, the majority of traders don't have the slightest concept of 
value. The more time the market spends at a certain price or in a price 
range, the more balance, agreement, or comfort there is in the market. 
Traders are absorbing each other's orders, and nobody is willing to bid the 
price higher or offer the price lower. 
Eventually someone will enter the market who doesn't agree with 
everyone else and believes there is a possibility for the prices to move 
much higher or lower. This person or group of traders will basically upset 
the balance with their buying or selling activity. If their activity is forceful 
enough, it will set off a series of chain reactions as it causes other traders, 
who are either holding positions or watching the market for opportunities, 
to confront these new conditions. 
If the balance is tipped in favor of the buyers, for example, it may attract 
 159 
new buyers into the market, creating more buying force and, hence, more 
disequilibrium. This may cause the traders who are holding short positions 
to liquidate. To do that they will need to be buyers, leaving fewer and fewer 
sellers willing to take the other side of the trades the buyers want to get into 
and the old sellers want to get out of. These traders will compete among one 
another for the dwindling supply of sellers, bidding the price higher and 
higher to make it more attractive for someone to sell. 
While these traders are in their own little bidding war, they usually lose 
sight of the fact that the rest of the world is watching what is going on. 
There could be a trader who is looking to put on a massive hedge to protect 
the value of an investment portfolio or crop. He is observing this price 
action from a completely different perspective than the traders on the floor. 
The floor traders are just concerned with getting their share and not 
missing out on the opportunity these rapidly rising or falling prices 
represent. The hedger, on the other hand, is looking at the price rise as an 
unexpected gift. The rally could have provided much higher prices than he 
anticipated for locking in the value of something he already owns. 
So the commercial trader decides to put on a hedge. And you can assume 
if one commercial thinks the price is good, others will too. Anyway, if the 
hedger has an order he perceives to be big enough to stop the rally, he will 
give instructions to the floor brokers handling his order to do scale in 
selling, the purpose being to get as much of the order sold as possible 
without ruining the rally. 
However, it won't take long for the other floor traders to figure out what 
is going on. They are very aware of which floor brokers fill orders for big 
commercial and institutional customers. Once they find out someone "big" 
is in the market selling into the rally, few if any of the floor traders will go 
against them by continuing to buy. No one wants to get caught at the top. 
So as each group of traders finds out who is selling, they will all try to 
reverse their positions by selling, and the cycle starts all over again. 
Watching this happen from the outside of the pit, it would seem that the 
reversal is instantaneous, but it isn't. It occurs in waves, as the information 
about who is selling spreads from the source outward, very much like the 
waves that result from throwing a stone in a pond. 
This leads me to the observation that few traders have any concept of 
value. They know that price movement creates an opportunity to make 
money, and it can just as easily take the money away if they don't know 
what they are doing. If the price trades within a certain range for a period of 
time, traders will become comfortable with that balance area, making it easier 
for the trader to trade. As prices move out of the balance area, fewer traders will 
participate because of what they perceive as more risk than they are comfortable 
with. 
Highs and Lows 
Probably the most prominent of these significant reference points are previous 
 160 
highs and lows. If prices are moving steadily higher, buyers will begin to 
anticipate whether or not prices can penetrate the last high, and sellers will be 
looking for another top. 
In the mind of the seller, that last top, or other tops in the distant past, was a 
place where the market met enough resistance to stop the rally. In other words, 
enough traders thought the price was expensive the last time it was there, and 
they will begin to anticipate whether the same will happen again. 
Both buyers and sellers will have raised expectations about the likelihood of 
the market doing one of two possible things—making new highs or failing to 
make new highs. As the market approaches this high, if some of them are willing 
to bid the price past it to some significant level, it could make believers out of 
other traders who were on the sidelines. If these new traders come into the 
market as buyers, it will add to the upward momentum, possibly causing old 
sellers to bail out of their positions. This will also add to the upward momentum 
of price movement. 
Support and Resistance 
In a falling market, support is a price level where buyers entered the market or 
old sellers liquidated their shorts with enough force to keep prices from going 
any lower. In a rising market, resistance is a price level where sellers entered the 
market or old buyers liquidated their longs with enough force to keep prices 
from going any higher. 
Support and resistance levels are significant reference points because many 
traders recognize support and resistance on charts and believe in their 
significance. 
That statement may seem redundant to some people, but it really illustrates a 
very important point about the nature of the markets (traders acting on their 
belief in future value). All beliefs eventually become self-fulfilling prophecies. 
If enough traders believe in the significance of support and resistance, and 
demonstrate their belief by making trades at those levels, they are in effect 
fulfilling their own beliefs about the future. 
As observers, if we know that each side (in the perpetual tug of war 
between buyers and sellers) expects one thing to happen, then we will 
know who will be the winner, who will be the loser, what they will likely 
do in each case, and how it will affect the balance between the two forces. 
For example, if buyers are bidding up a market, causing prices to rise, and 
all of a sudden many traders are willing to sell for less than the last price (or 
one trader comes into the market with a big order to sell), causing an 
immediate price reversal, the price level at which the market stopped is 
resistance. 
Now, it really doesn't matter why the balance of forces shifted from 
buyers to sellers. Everybody will have his own reasons for what caused 
prices to reverse. All of them will usually be way beyond the simplest and 
most obvious reason—that enough traders were displaying a strong enough 
conviction in their belief in future value to stop the upward price 
 161 
momentum and create downward price momentum. 
What is really important about this, however, is that many traders will 
remember the market reversed at that price level. As a result, that price will 
then have a degree of significance in the minds of those traders who 
experienced the reversal. 
This first reversal is a top. What we don't know is whether it will remain 
a top, how long it will take before it is challenged again, or whether it will 
ever be challenged again. 
If the buyers are dominant enough to bid the market back up to the 
previous high, they will consider this second attempt a test and begin to 
anticipate whether or not prices can exceed the previous high. The only 
way that can happen is if these higher prices actually attract additional 
traders into the market on the buy side because they believe it is an 
opportunity to buy low relative to the future. Floor traders are especially 
aware of whether or not new traders are being attracted into the market 
from off the floor and act on this information. 
For the sake of this example, if the market reversed very strongly the last 
time prices approached this level, there will be many traders who will think 
it will probably reverse again. As a result, they may act on their belief about 
the low probability of prices trading beyond the last high and thereby 
prevent it from happening. If more traders are willing to act on the belief 
that it won't in relation to those who act on the belief that it will, then prices 
will stop again. 
Technically, once the market tests a previous high or low and fails to 
penetrate, you then have a defined support and resistance area. Support and 
resistance are most easily identified in point-and-figure charts because they 
graphically represent price movement in reversals. Once support and 
resistance are established and identified, it can be very easy to trade by 
putting your orders on either side of the support or resistance line. 
For example, if over the last two weeks, every time the bonds rallied to 
95-25, then fell back significantly to some support level, like 94-10, what I 
have just described is a support and resistance zone, commonly referred to 
as a trading range. The significance of either end of the zone would be 
determined by how many times prices rallied to 95-25 and failed to 
penetrate, and how many times prices fell to 94-10 and failed to 
penetrate. Obviously, the more attempts and failures, the more weight 
these points will have in the minds of the traders who experience these 
tests and subsequent failures. 
For an objective observer with no bias toward any particular direction, 
trading ranges can be very easy ways to make money. As the market 
approaches 95-25, put in an order to sell somewhere around 95-21. Since 
we know the markets are not precise, you don't want to put your order 
exactly at the upper end of the range, because each time the market makes 
an attempt to penetrate there will be many traders who will be anticipating 
a failure. As a result, they will start selling early and the price may never 
 162 
get to 95-25 for you to get filled, if you had placed your order there. 
Also, put an order in the market to stop and reverse (buy two) possibly 
around 95-31. Each circumstance will be different. In this example, the 6 
ticks that I have given the market to define itself may not be enough. The 
object would be to put your orders in a place where the highest probability 
is that it will continue in the direction of your trade. If the market trades to 
95-31, it still may not be enough for old sellers to become disappointed 
and bail out of their positions en masse, causing prices to rise even further. 
This trade will work if the resistance level has a high degree of 
significance in the minds of enough traders for them to act and sell against 
it in relation to those who are willing buy. Each time the market 
approaches this area, traders will expect either one of two possible things 
to happen. The market will penetrate, or it will fail again. In any case the 
price move that results will be significant because one side of the market 
will be disappointed. And if we know what will validate and disappoint each 
group, then we can determine how they will likely behave and thereby affect 
the balance of the market. 
Since the market can display billions of combinations of behaviors from 
one point to the next, significant reference points like support and 
resistance narrow those behaviors down to two likely possibilities. By 
putting your order on both sides, you can take advantage of the situation, 
regardless of what happens. 
 
Support Becomes Resistance and 
Resistance Becomes Support 
Many traders have read or heard that old support becomes resistance and 
old resistance becomes support. This bit of market insight is valid for some 
very sound psychological reasons. 
If resistance has been established at 95-25, it is because there were enough 
traders who sold at that price to make it resistance. In fact, it would probably 
be the same group of traders who sold at 95-25 each time the market 
approached that price. So, every time the market rallied up to 95-25 and 
sold off, it made winners out of all those traders who chose to sell at or near 
that price. As a result, 95-25 will take on a great deal of significance in the 
minds of the traders who were successful. Each subsequent time they are 
successful will only strengthen their belief and faith in that price level. 
Now, the prices rally up to 95-25 again, maybe for the fourth or fifth 
time, and like the last time, you will have a group of traders who believe in 
that resistance level and will sell against it. Only this time the buyers are 
very strong on the way up and continue to buy right on through the 
resistance level. 
All the traders who choose to sell at 95-25 are now faced with having to 
deal with a losing trade. Some will get out with a small loss, others will hang 
on hoping the market will come back. In any case, the market invalidated 
 163 
their beliefs about the future, and they are suffering considerably. They had 
faith in 95-25, and in their minds the market betrayed them. 
If the market happens to come back to 95-25 after rallying for several 
days, how do you think the group of traders who sold at 95-25 the last time—
the ones who believe they were betrayed—are going to behave? First, the 
traders who were hanging on in hopes of the market coming back will bail 
out as soon as they are close to being made whole. They are so grateful for 
getting their money back, there is no way they will stay in that trade 
regardless of what the possibilities are for additional profits. They will have 
to be buyers to liquidate their shorts and will be all too happy to end their 
suffering. 
The traders who originally cut their losses when the market blew through 
95-25 won't consider selling at that price again because of the emotional 
pain of being wrong the last time they sold at that price. I am not saying 
they will in turn be buyers at that level, but they are very likely not to sell. 
The overall effect this will have on the balance of the market is to take 
away from the existing pool of available sellers at 95-25 (old resistance), 
thereby causing the balance to be tipped in favor of the buyers. Hence, old 
resistance becomes support, and old support becomes resistance for the 
same reasons. 
 
Trends and Trendlines 
Trends, a series of higher highs and higher lows, or lower highs and lower 
lows over a period of time, work because there aren't enough sellers to 
absorb the number of buyers competing with each other to get into the 
market during that period of time. Adding to this buying force will be old 
sellers at lower levels who finally lose faith and bail out of their positions. 
They will do this in significant numbers when the prices penetrate what 
they believe to be significant reference points. 
Keep in mind that trends are a function of time. The next tick up could 
be defined as a one-tick trend. How long will the imbalance between buyers 
and sellers last? 
In an upward-trending market, prices will retrace because buyers are 
taking profits. This will create some counteracting pressure, but if the trend 
continues after a normal retracement, it just tells you there still aren't 
enough sellers around to absorb all the buyers, with enough left over to 
create downward momentum. You will know when that has happened 
when the trending market breaks its normal ebb and flow pattern. That is 
why markets that break trendlines have a tendency to keep on going in the 
direction of the break, because it signals a significant shift in the balance of 
forces. 
After a certain period of time, you can notice how trending markets will 
develop a certain rhythm and flow, making the price movement look very 
symmetrical on a bar chart. You really don't have to know why this is so, 
 164 
you just have to notice that it exists. When this flow is broken (the market 
trading above or below a significant trend line), it is a good indication the 
balance of the market forces has shifted. Then ask yourself, what is the 
likelihood the shift will gain hold and continue trending in the direction of 
the break? 
You don't even have to know the answer to that question. Put in an order 
at a spot that would confirm the highest probability of a change in the 
balance. Then wait for the market to define itself. If your order is filled, 
put a stop where the market shouldn't be to confirm that your trade is still 
valid. "What is a valid trade?" you ask. One where the highest probabilities 
for price movement are in the direction of the prevailing force. 
 
High /barb2right/barb2right /barb2right/barb2right Retrace /barb2right/barb2right /barb2right/barb2right Rally to a Lower High 
I will give you an example. No matter how simple a trade this is, it has very 
sound psychological reasons for working. In this example, the market made 
new highs and sold off. The sell-off could be the result of new sellers 
corning into the market in force, or old buyers selling to take their profits, 
or a combination of both. Prices will continue to drop until enough traders 
believe the price is cheap and are willing to take the initiative and bid the 
price back up. As the price approaches the last previous high, buyers will 
begin to anticipate whether or not prices can penetrate, and sellers will be 
looking for another top. 
In either case expectations by both will be raised. If some buyers are willing 
to bid the price past the previous highs to some significant level, it will make 
believers out of others who were on the sidelines. If they do come in, it will 
add to the momentum. 
Some old sellers will admit to being wrong and will have to buy to get out 
of their trades, thus adding to the upward momentum. 
However, what if the market approaches the highs the second time, and 
sellers come back into the market again with enough force to keep the price 
from exceeding or equaling the previous high? Buyers will start to become 
disappointed. Where will they really be disappointed?—if enough buyers 
don't come into the market to support the price at the previous low. If prices 
penetrate that low, watch for buyers to bail out en masse. For them to get out 
of their position, who is going to buy it from them? If everybody is trying to 
sell and no one is available to buy, what are prices going to do? Fall like a 
rock. 
The reason why a bull market is ready to turn into a bear market when the 
general public gets involved is because the general public has the least 
tolerance for risk and consequently needs the most reassurance and 
confirmation that what they are doing is a sure thing. As a result, they will 
be the last to be convinced that the rising market represents an opportunity. 
If a bull market has lasted for any length of time, the general public will feel 
compelled to jump on the bandwagon so to speak, because of their 
 165 
perception that everyone else is doing it and making money. They will pick 
up on any reason that sounds the most rational to justify their participation, 
when in reality, they will know very little about what they are doing, but 
since everyone else is doing it, how can they go wrong. 
A continuing bull market requires the continual infusion of new traders 
who are willing to pay higher and higher prices. The longer a bull market 
lasts, the greater the number of people who are already participating as 
buyers, leaving fewer and fewer traders who haven't already bought and 
fewer and fewer traders who are willing to bid the price up. These older 
buyers obviously want to see the market keep on going up, but they also 
don't want to get caught holding the bag, if the market stops going up. As 
their profits accumulate from the higher prices, they start to get nervous 
about taking their profits. 
By the time the general public starts buying en masse, the professional 
traders knows the end is near. How does the professional know this? 
Because the professional knows that there is a practical limit to the number 
of people who will participate to bid the price up. There will come a point 
where everyone who is likely to be a buyer will have already bought, quite 
literally leaving no one else to buy. The professional trader would like the 
market to continue to go up indefinitely just like all the other buyers. 
However, he also understands the impracticality of that happening, so he 
starts taking his profits while there are still some buyers available to sell to. 
When the last buyer has bought, the market has no place to go but down. 
The public gets stuck because they weren't willing to take the risk when 
there was still potential for the market to move. For the market to sustain 
itself, it needs to attract more and more people. As big as this country is or 
the world for that matter, there are only so many people who will buy. 
Eventually the supply of buyers runs out, and when it does the market falls 
like a rock. 
The professionals have been selling out their positions before this 
happens, but once the supply of buyers runs out, the professionals start to 
compete among one another for the available supply of buyers which is 
dwindling fast, so they offer lower and lower prices to attract someone into 
the market so they can get out. At some point, instead of the lower prices 
being attractive to people, it panics them. The public didn't anticipate 
losing. Their expectations are very high with very little toleration for 
disappointment. The only reason they got in was because it was a sure 
thing. When the public starts to sell, it starts a stampede. 
Again, people will ascribe their actions to some rational reason because 
nobody wants to be thought of as irrational and panic-stricken. The real 
reason why people panicked and the prices fell is simply because prices 
didn't keep on going up. 
 166 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 16 
The Steps to Success 
Self-discipline is simply a mental technique to stay focused on what you 
need to learn, or do, to accomplish your goals. There will be times when 
you won't have the resources to function effectively relative to the external 
conditions. Other times the resources you do have will be in conflict with 
both the conditions and your goals. So to accomplish your goals, you will 
need to adapt. In other words, you will need to change the way you interact 
with the environment. To change your behavior and how you experience 
the environment (feelings and emotions), you will have to change your 
perspective. To change your perspective, you will have to change the mental 
components that effect your perception of environmental information. 
Keep in mind that you can't physically control what the markets do; you can 
only learn to control your perception of the markets to share the highest 
degree of reality (the least amount of distortion) with everyone else who is 
participating or has the potential to participate. The more sophisticated you 
become as a trader, the more you will realize that trading is completely 
mental. It isn't you against the markets, it's just you. All the other traders 
participating to make the market provide you with an opportunity to make 
money from their divergent beliefs about the future. If people didn't 
disagree about the future value of any particular commodity or stock, then 
there would be nothing to compel them to either bid a price higher or offer 
it lower, and the opportunity to profit from these changes would cease to 
exist. So the markets just offer the individual trader opportunity. They don't 
choose the data on which you focus your attention, and they certainly don't 
 167 
interpret the data you perceive. Nor are the markets responsible for what 
you can't perceive because of the distinctions you haven't learned to make 
yet. They also don't choose when you put on a trade, how long you stay in, 
when you get out, or how many contracts you buy or sell. 
Each individual trader creates his own experience of the markets based 
on this picking and choosing process and the decisions that result. If you 
accept this concept as valid, then the implications are that you will never 
have a valid reason to blame the markets for your unsatisfying results. The 
markets don't owe you anything (regardless of how hard you work to be 
successful) because every other trader participating is doing so to take your 
money away. You and you alone are completely responsible for whatever 
you end up with. The sooner you accept that responsibility (if you haven't 
already), the easier it will be to identify what skills you need to learn to 
interact with the markets more successfully. Even if you can't identify the 
mental components responsible for what you ended up with, at least by 
assuming that you are responsible, you will be opening yourself up to find 
out. 
To be a successful trader you need to trade without fear. As you have 
already learned when you use fear as a resource to limit yourself, you will 
create the very conditions you are trying to avoid. Or to say this another 
way, you will experience your fears. You also can't learn anything new 
because fear will force you to perceive the environmental "now" from your 
individual past. You will experience that past regardless of the 
opportunities the environment may have to offer in that same moment. 
Your individual history will repeat itself until you change your history, 
which will then allow you to learn and experience something new. Evolving 
beyond your fears is also the best way to learn how to predict market 
behavior. The more fearful traders are, the fewer the choices they perceive as 
available to themselves and the easier it is to predict their behavior. You will 
be able to recognize this clearly in others when you recognize it yourself and 
work your way out of the condition where you trade with fear. 
However, you will need some resource to limit yourself so that you don't 
get reckless. Getting reckless is exactly what people have a tendency to do if 
they don't feel any fear, especially if there is a potential for thrilling results, 
as there is in trading. The resource you need to limit yourself is self-trust. 
You will gain that self-trust when you establish a set of rules and guidelines 
to trade by and know that you will always follow those rules without 
hesitation, regardless of the temptations to do otherwise. 
Once you trust yourself to always do what needs to be done, there will be 
nothing to fear because the markets won't be able to do anything to you, as 
a result of your inability to respond appropriately. Consequently, with 
nothing to fear, you are then free to observe the markets free of 
distortions. There won't be any need to avoid certain categories of 
information because of how that information will make you feel. The less 
reason you have to avoid or distort information, the more you make yourself 
 168 
available to learn about the nature of the markets. The more you learn, the 
easier it will be to anticipate what the market will do next. If you can 
accurately anticipate what will happen next, the easier it will be to give 
yourself more and more money (notwithstanding any mental components 
that would argue against giving yourself more money). 
It is very important for you to understand that these new insights about 
the market's behavior will come in stages as you learn to trust yourself more 
and more. There is no "get rich quick" scheme being offered here. There are 
enough rags to riches to rags stories to attest to the fact that get rich quick 
doesn't work anyway. Getting rich quick can only lead to a great deal of 
anxiety and frustration if you don't have the skills to keep it. There isn't 
much point to making a lot of money if you are a susceptible to making that 
one trading error that can give it all back plus more. Once you have made a 
fortune and lost it, the psychological work that you will need to do to get it 
back is enormous compared to work that is necessary to keep yourself from 
losing it in the first place. As a trader it is more important to know that you 
will always follow your rules than it is to make money, because whatever 
money you make, you will inevitably lose back to the market if you can't follow 
your rules . 
You also need to understand that your rules will change as your 
understanding and insights evolve. Many people don't like to establish 
trading rules because they believe that once made, they can't be changed. 
Any exercise that I offer you or rule that you select to guide your trading 
behavior is only transitory. They are methods and techniques to get you 
beyond certain fundamental stages of development so that you can recognize 
for yourself their value and what you need to do next to be more successful. 
In fact, a good rule of thumb to use to determine your readiness to move 
beyond a certain rule or exercise and to the next challenge is the recognition 
that you can do what you set out to learn so well that it becomes second 
nature. Otherwise, keep working at it until you don't have to think about it 
any longer. 
STEP ONE:    STAYING FOCUSED ON 
WHAT YOU NEED TO LEARN 
First and foremost, you may need to change your perspective or the focus of 
your trading. Until now your focus may have been to make money. If this is 
so, you will need to change your perspective to "What do I need to learn 
or how will I have to adapt myself to interact more successfully?" You 
need to stay focused on mastering the steps to achieving your goal and not 
the end result, knowing that the end result, money, will be a by-product of 
what you know and how well you can act on what you know. 
There is a tremendous difference between focusing on money and 
focusing on using your trading as an exercise to identify what you need to 
learn. The first will cause you to focus on what the markets are giving you 
 169 
or are taking away from you. The second perspective causes you to focus 
your attention on your ability to to give yourself money. With the first 
perspective, you are placing some of the responsibility onto the markets to 
do something for you. With the second perspective, you assume all the 
responsibility. 
Always keep in mind that each moment is a perfect reflection of your 
level of development. If you look at each moment that things don't turn out 
as you want or expect as a mistake, then you will usually cut yourself off 
from the insight about yourself contained within each moment. The reason 
why we will cut ourselves off from this information is because we typically 
associate mistakes with pain. We will instinctively avoid pain and in doing 
so also avoid what we need to know about ourselves to interact more 
effectively in similar circumstances in the future. 
To evolve beyond pain and our fear of mistakes, our mistakes have to be 
resolved. This could be a big task and you may not want to tackle it at this 
time. So what you will need to do is build a corollary framework to place all 
of your trading experiences. This framework needs to be defined in such a 
way that all experiences are valid and have meaning, and, as such, 
mistakes don't exist—they just point the way. 
As part of this framework you may also need to change your definition 
of a missed opportunity. Except for the inability to accept a loss, there isn't 
anything that has the potential to cause more psychological damage than a 
belief in missed opportunities. Missed opportunities are trades that would 
have always turned out perfectly because they only occurred in our minds, 
where we can make anything be as we want it to be. Of course, we would 
have responded exactly as the conditions warranted without flaw. The 
problem is we didn't do it, and the resulting sense of loss we feel is difficult 
to reconcile. Therefore, these missed opportunity trades have the potential 
to cause more anxiety and stress than the trades we actually do take that 
turn out to be losers. 
Nothing's worse than missing a "perfect" opportunity. However, if you 
could have, you would have; it's that simple. The sooner you accept this, the 
sooner you will be able to take advantage of these missed opportunities 
instead of beating yourself up over them. Besides there really isn't anything 
to miss because the markets are in perpetual motion and will continue to be 
until everyone agrees on value. As long as the price keeps changing, there 
will always be another opportunity. 
When you start trading from the perspective that mistakes don't exist, 
you will be amazed at the sense of freedom you will feel to grow by 
accepting your results as a reflection of who you are in that moment, which 
then allows you to determine what you need to learn to do better. When 
you release the energy out of the belief that it is possible to miss anything, 
you will no longer feel compelled to do something, like getting into trades 
too early or too late. In other words, you will be giving yourself 
additional choices (not doing something is often the most appropriate 
 170 
choice) where only one choice existed. 
You need to constantly keep in mind that the professional traders from 
whom you are trying to extract money already know and are using many 
of the principles put forth in this book. They understand the concept of 
objectivity, have learned how to trade without fear, and know how to 
execute their trades properly. Before you can begin to take money out of the 
markets consistently instead of the markets taking yours, you will also have 
to learn these skills. 
So, I would suggest that you set aside a certain amount of trading capital 
as tuition for your education. How much you set aside will be a function of 
how many skills you need to learn. What is most important is that you 
make a firm commitment to your education as a trader. Even if you have 
been trading for years and you are successful, but not as successful as you 
would like to be, setting aside money that you will trade with as an exercise 
to learn some needed skill is a very powerful symbol of your commitment 
to learning that skill. The stronger your commitment, the faster you will 
learn. 
STEP TWO:    DEALING WITH LOSSES 
Trading Rule 1 
Predefine what a loss is in every potential trade. By "predefine," I mean 
determine what the market has to look like or do, to tell you that the trade 
no longer represents an opportunity, at least not an opportunity in the time 
frame in which you trade. 
When your beliefs about losses are restructured, the possibility of a 
losing trade will not create any threat of pain. Most successful traders 
restructured their beliefs about losses after they lost one or more fortunes. 
They experienced their worst fears about losing and then came to the 
realization that they didn't have anything to fear if they just did what needs 
to be done. What needs to be done? Confront the possibility of being 
wrong and consequently not avoid the inevitability of taking a loss. So 
confronting and accepting the inevitability of a loss is a trading skill, 
certainly a skill learned the hard way for most, but nevertheless an essential 
component at the foundation of virtually everything you need to learn to 
become a successful trader. 
The relatively few successful traders in the market today did it the hard 
way. You, on the other hand, have the opportunity to do it much more 
easily. There will be two mental components at work to help you acquire 
this skill. First is your understanding of why it is so essential to confront the 
possibility of a loss. If you don't, you will generate fear and end up creating 
the very experience that you are trying to avoid. When you really 
understand this concept, it will become unacceptable to you to trade from 
the old perspective of loss avoidance. 
 171 
The second is your willingness to change your definitions of what it 
means to lose. By using some of the mental exercises in Chapter 14 you can 
change these definitions by using your thoughts instead of having to lose 
everything or practically everything you own to get to the same place. That 
place is "losses do not diminish me (you) as a person." The sooner you 
believe it, the easier it will be to identify and execute a losing trade. By 
making the execution of a losing trade an automatic function of your trading 
strategy, you make yourself psychologically available to take advantage of 
the next opportunity, even if that opportunity is in the same direction of the 
losing trade you just got out of. 
Trading Rule 2 
Execute your losing trades immediately upon perception that they exist. 
When losses are predefined and executed without hesitation, there is 
nothing to consider, weigh, or judge and consequently nothing to tempt 
yourself with. There will be no threat of allowing yourself the possibility 
of ultimate disaster. If you find yourself considering, weighing, or judging, 
then you are either not predefining what a loss is or you are not executing 
them immediately upon perception, in which case, if you don't and it turns 
out to be profitable, you are reinforcing an inappropriate behavior that will 
inevitably lead to disaster. Or if you don't and the loss worsens, you will 
create a negative cycle of pain, that once started will be difficult to stop. The 
next error after letting a loss get out of hand is usually not taking the next 
opportunity, which invariably is always a winning trade. After which, we 
get so angry at ourselves for passing up that opportunity that we make 
ourselves susceptible to any number of other trading errors, like taking a 
trade that was a tip from another trader, which invariably is always a loser. 
It is important for you to note that once you completely trust yourself 
to cut your losses, you will eventually get to the point where you may not 
have to predefine what a loss is. There are traders who have reached such a 
high degree of objectivity and trust that they can get into a trade and know 
when it is a loser without having to predefine it for themselves. They let 
the market define it for them based on their comprehensive knowledge of 
the various participants involved and their knowledge of the various 
relationships between price movement and time. However, the reason why 
they were able to learn what they know about the nature of the markets is 
because their focus of attention widened to include more undistorted 
information leading to greater insights, once they learned, first, however, to 
trust themselves. Keep in mind, that fear is really the only thing that keeps 
us from learning anything new. You can't learn anything new about the 
nature of the market's behavior if you are afraid of what you may do or 
can't do that is not in your best interests. By predefining and cutting your 
losses short, you are making yourself available to learn the best possible way 
to let your profits grow. 
 172 
STEP THREE:   BECOMING AN EXPERT AT 
JUST ONE MARKET BEHAVIOR 
Generally, most of us grow up believing that when we have to make a 
decision, the more relevant information we can gather, the better our 
decisions will be. This isn't necessarily true with trading, especially in the 
beginning stages of one's career. In most market situations, there is an even 
number of traders who have a propensity to buy and those who have a 
propensity to sell or those who need to buy and want someone to take the 
other side of the transaction and vice versa. Everyone will have his reasons 
and rationalizations for all this trading activity, creating about as much 
conflicting information as there are participants. Because there is so much 
information and because so much of that information is conflicting, the 
beginning trader will need specifically to limit his awareness of the market 
information to which he allows himself to be exposed. More is not better; it 
just creates confusion and overload that will ultimately lead to losses. 
You need to start as small as possible and then gradually allow yourself to 
grow into greater and greater amounts of market information. What you 
want to do is become an expert at just one particular type of behavior 
pattern that repeats itself with some degree of frequency. To become an 
expert, choose one simple trading system that identifies a pattern, 
preferably one that is mechanical, instead of mathematical, so that you 
will be working with a visual representation of market behavior. Your 
objective is to understand completely every aspect of the system—all the 
relationships between the components—and its potential to produce 
profitable trades. In the meantime, it is important to avoid all other 
possibilities and information. 
Out of all the combinations of behavior possible, you are going to limit 
your focus of attention to just one combination. Consequently, you will be 
letting all the other opportunities go by. Starting small and gradually 
working into other combinations is a real exercise in discipline that has a 
couple of important psychological benefits. First, you will be building a 
base of confidence as you learn that you can, in fact, accurately assess what 
will most likely happen next. It is much easier to gain this confidence if 
you don't overwhelm yourself with the market's seemingly infinite 
possibilities. Second, by passing up other opportunities that you are not an 
expert at yet, you will be releasing yourself from any compelling desire to 
trade. Any compelling behavior is usually the result of some fear. That fear, 
in turn, will cause you to behave in many inappropriate ways. 
If the idea of letting go of opportunities that don't fit into your 
framework is troubling to you, then ask yourself, what is the rush? If you are 
confident in your ability to transform yourself into a successful trader, what 
difference could it make that you let go of some opportunities now for 
educational purposes? Once you learn to become the trader you want to 
be, you can then give yourself as much money as you desire. However, to 
 173 
get to that point, your objective should be to plan your development in such 
a way that you do the least amount of damage to yourself, both financially 
and psychologically. Then after you have developed the appropriate skills, 
taking money out of the markets can be as easy as almost everyone believes 
it is before he started trading. 
If, on the other hand, you end up doing a lot of damage to yourself, 
you will have to undo that damage before you can accumulate wealth as a 
trader. After the damage is done, it won't make any difference how much 
you learn about the nature of the markets or how well you learn to 
perceive an opportunity. There are many traders who end up becoming 
expert market analysts but can't make a dime as traders because of all the damage 
they did to themselves in the early part of their trading careers. What happens in 
these situations is a trader's "past" will generate so much fear that he won't be 
able execute his trades properly or not at all, regardless of how well he learned to 
predict what the market will do next. Nothing is more frustrating than to know 
what is going to happen next and not be able to do anything about it. 
You need to understand that the ability to perceive an opportunity, based on 
the quality of distinctions that you can make and your ability to execute a trade, are 
not automatic functions of one another. Perception and execution are separate 
skills. They can and do work in tandem, if there are no mental components 
blocking execution. Otherwise, the "intent" to take advantage of what you 
perceive as an opportunity may not have any inner support or the kind of inner 
support that is necessary to execute your intent properly. If there are mental 
obstacles preventing the proper execution of a trade, then learning how to 
perceive better opportunities is not going to solve the problem. 
So the object of this exercise is to help you learn how become an expert and 
stay healthy while you are doing it. And when you do become one, there will be 
much less standing in the way of your taking maximum advantage of your 
perceptive skills. If you are already looking at or trading several markets and you 
are not successful or not as successful as you desire, then I would suggest that you 
scale back to just one market or two at the most. Don't expand until you 
thoroughly understand the markets' characteristics. 
STEP FOUR:    LEARNING HOW TO 
EXECUTE A TRADING SYSTEM FLAWLESSLY 
The proper execution of your trades is one of the most fundamental components 
of becoming a successful trader and probably the most difficult to learn. It is 
certainly much easier to identify something in the market that represents an 
opportunity than it is to act upon it. However, there are some good reasons why it 
is so difficult to act on a trading signal other than what has already been identified 
as mental obstacles. To understand these reasons, you need to understand the 
nature of trading systems (defined as any methodology that consistently 
identifies an opportunity to buy or sell with a potential profit in some future 
moment), and how they interact with the markets and ourselves. 
 174 
Most good trading systems, technical or otherwise, will take consistent 
money out of the markets over the long run. Many of these good systems 
have been available to the public for years, and yet, there is still a huge gap 
between what is possible and what almost everyone ends up with. The 
problem with trading systems is they define market behavior in limited 
ways when the market can behave in an infinite combination of ways. 
Systems mathematically or mechanically reduce relationships in human 
behavior characteristics to percentage odds of what could happen next. 
They can only capture a very limited number of these behavior 
characteristics compared to the billions that are possible. Any identified 
pattern may or may not be repeating itself with respect to the way the 
pattern or relationship progressed when it was observed in the past. 
Therefore, we never really know if it is valid or not until it has actually 
completed itself. The big psychological problem here is that people have 
difficulty acting on opportunities with probable outcomes. 
Most people like to think of themselves as risk takers, but what they 
really want is a guaranteed outcome with some momentary suspense to 
make them feel as if the outcome had been in doubt. The momentary 
suspense adds the thrill factor necessary to keep our lives from getting too 
boring. When it comes right down to it, no one trades to lose, no one puts 
on a trade believing it is going to be a loser, and all systems will definitely 
have some percentage of losing trades. So it's difficult not to be tempted 
into trying to guess which ones are going to be the losers and not 
participate. 
As most of you reading this book already know, trying to outguess your 
trading system is an exercise in extreme frustration. Sometimes the system 
will give you signals to trade in ways that are completely contrary to your 
logic and reasoning. Sometimes the system will defy your reasoning and be 
right, and sometimes you will agree with the system and it will be wrong. 
You need to understand that technical trading systems are not designed to 
be outguessed. What I mean is, they aren't designed to give you isolated 
signals of an opportunity to be taken when it seems right. What they do is 
mathematically define, quantify, and categorize past relationships in 
collective human behavior to give you a statistically probable outcome of the 
future. 
As a comparison to trading, it is much easier to take risks and participate 
in a gambling event with a purely random outcome based on statistical 
probabilities, simply because it is random. What I mean is, if you risk your 
money on a gambling event that you know has a random outcome, then 
there's no rational way you could have predicted what that outcome would 
be. Therefore, you don't have to take responsibility for the outcome if it 
isn't positive. 
Whereas, with trading, the future is not random, price movement, 
opportunity, and outcomes are created by traders acting on their beliefs 
and expectations of the future. Every trader contributes to the outcome of 
 175 
the future by putting on and taking off trades in accordance with their 
beliefs. Because traders actually create the future by collectively acting on 
their beliefs about the future, the outcome of their actions is not exactly 
random. Why else would traders try to outguess their systems, unless they 
had some concept of the future and how that future will affect the markets? 
This adds an element of responsibility to trading that doesn't exist with a 
purely random event and that is difficult to avoid. This higher degree of 
responsibility means that more of your self-esteem is at stake, making it 
much more difficult to participate. Trading gives you all kinds of ways to 
beat yourself up for all of the things you should have or could have 
considered that would have resulted in a more satisfying outcome. 
Furthermore, you don't trade in an information vacuum. You form your 
expectations about the future with information technical systems don't take 
into consideration. Consequently, this sets up a conflict between what your 
intellect says should be happening and the purely mathematical means of 
predicting human behavior afforded by your technical system. This is 
precisely why technical systems are so difficult to relate to and execute. 
People aren't taught to think in terms of probabilities—and we certainly 
don't grow up constructing a conceptual framework that correlates a 
prediction of mass human behavior in statistical odds by means of a 
mathematical formula. 
To be able to execute your trading systems properly, you will need to 
incorporate two concepts into your mental framework—thinking in terms 
of probabilities and correlating the numbers or the mechanics of your system 
to the behavior. Unfortunately, the only way you can really learn these 
things is actually to experience them by executing your system. The problem 
is that rarely will the typical trader stay with his system beyond two or three 
losses in a row, and taking two or three losses in a row is a very common 
occurrence for most trading systems. This creates something of a paradox or 
Catch 22. How do you do it if you don't believe it, and you won't learn to 
believe it unless you do it long enough for it to become a part of your 
mental framework? This is where you employ mental discipline to make 
flawless execution a habit. 
Exercise 
Take some of the trading capital that you set aside for your education to buy 
and trade a simple trading system with well-defined entry and exit points. 
Make a commitment to trade this system exactly according to the rules. You 
need to make a very strong commitment here and not play any games with 
yourself. The object of this exercise is to work through any resistance you 
may have to following your rules. 
This system does not have to be expensive. You can get one out of many 
of the books on technical analysis available today. I think it is important to 
buy one instead of devising one of your own because it might be a little 
easier to stay focused on the objectives of this exercise. With any system 
 176 
you devise, you are naturally going to want to make money. Save it for 
later, after you have learned how to execute properly. 
You also need to find a system that suits your unique tolerance for 
taking a loss. The amount of money you risk per trade should be an 
amount that you are completely comfortable with, at least at first. If you 
don't stay within this tolerance level, you will be, at the very least, 
uncomfortable, in which case to whatever degree you are uncomfortable, 
you shut down the learning process. When you are feeling pain, instead of 
being focused on what the market is teaching you about itself and yourself, 
you will be focused on information that will ease your pain. Which usually 
results in a painful lesson. 
Your objectives are to (1) learn the skill of flawless execution by learning 
that you can follow the rules you set forth for yourself (I am defining 
"flawless execution" as executing a trade immediately upon perception of an 
opportunity; inclusive within opportunity is the opportunity to exit a losing 
trade.) and (2) to incorporate a belief into your mental system about the nature 
of probable outcomes so that you believe that you can make money in the long 
run with your trading system, if, of course, you can execute it properly. 
You will likely encounter many beliefs arguing against flawless execution. 
Here are few suggestions to help you work through this resistance: 
First, understand that this exercise (at least for most people) is not going to be 
easy, so be easy on yourself. The more accepting you are of your mistakes, the 
easier it will be to make the next attempt. If your child were learning how to ride 
a bike, I'm sure you wouldn't scold him for falling off and tell him not to try 
again. You would encourage him and eventually he'd learn. Give yourself the 
same kind of understanding and consideration. 
Second, taking all the signals generated by your system is the only way you 
can get the firsthand experience you need to establish a belief in probable 
outcomes, and relating the mathematics or the mechanics to the behavior. You 
have to do it in spite of your resistance, and you have to do it long enough for 
the system to become a part of your mental framework. When that happens, you 
will have the force of habit working for you, and the struggle will cease. Just do 
the best you can and look for ways to improve your performance. Constantly 
keep in mind that what you are doing is more of an exercise in learning trading 
discipline and the skill of flawless execution, which in the long run is far more 
important than your immediate desire to make money. So keep your contract 
size light. You can always increase it later, when you have learned to trust 
yourself completely to always do what needs to be done without hesitation. 
Stay with the exercise until it becomes second nature or a part of who you are. 
As you gain in your confidence, you will learn more and consequently learn 
how to make money as a trader. As you make money you will gain in your 
confidence. This positive cycle will expand your ability to be successful just as 
easily as a negative cycle will feed on itself to end in despair. 
 
 
 177 
STEP FIVE:    LEARNING TO THINK 
IN PROBABILITIES 
After you have mastered the more fundamental skills, in other words, 
once you have acquired the discipline necessary to interact with the trading 
environment effectively, you can start to use your reasoning skills and 
intuitive powers to determine what the market is likely to do next. This will 
entail learning to think in probabilities. What I mean by this is, if you can't 
personally move the market, then you will want to be able to identify the 
group that is demonstrating the greatest possibility of moving the market 
and you will want to trade with that group. Or you will want to determine 
the prevalent beliefs being expressed in the market and how those beliefs 
will affect price movement. That identification process requires a detached 
objective perspective, where you are watching and listening to what the 
market is telling you, instead of being focused on what the market is doing 
to you personally. 
Remember, two traders willing to trade at a price make a market. 
Whatever the extreme ends of human expression are is what the market is 
capable of doing. For example, have you ever said, "The market can't break 
contract lows, it's never been there before"? If you bought those lows based 
on your belief of its impossibility, then consider that all it takes is one trader 
who is willing to sell lower to make you wrong. The fact that the market did 
it makes it right. You could have been a seller at the all-time lows and been 
a one-tick winner when the next trader broke those lows, if you could have 
perceived selling as an opportunity. 
If prices were to penetrate those lows with any kind of followthrough, it 
would indicate that there are plenty of traders who believe it wasn't going 
higher. These sellers obviously acted on their beliefs with enough force to 
outnumber the buyers available to take the other side of the trade. 
Regardless of the criteria the sellers used to justify their actions, how 
rational or irrational by anyone else's standards, nothing will alter the fact 
the market traded lower. The fact that you believed it couldn't do it is of no 
consequence, unless you can trade big enough numbers to reverse it. 
Otherwise, you can either be with it or against it. 
To help you learn how to be with the flow of the market, I pose a series 
of questions that are designed to keep you focused in the "now moment" 
to determine what is true about the market. 
1.  What is the market telling me at this moment? 
2.  Who is paying up to get in or get out? 
3.  How much strength is there? 
4.  Is momentum building? 
5.  Can it be measured relative to something? 
6.  What would have to happen to indicate the momentum is changing? 
 178 
7.  Is the trend weakening or is this a normal retracement? 
8.  What would show that? If the market has displayed a fairly 
symmetrical type of pattern and that pattern has been disturbed, then 
it is a good indication the balance of forces has shifted. 
9.  Are there any places where one side will definitely gain 
dominance over the other? If that point is reached, it still may take 
sometime for the other side to be convinced they are losers. How 
long are you willing to give them to stampede out of their positions? 
10.  If they don't stampede out of their positions, what will that tell you? 
11.  What did traders have to believe to form the current pattern relative 
to the past? Remember that people's beliefs don't change easily 
unless they are extremely disappointed. People are disappointed when 
their expectations aren't fulfilled. 
12.  What will disappoint the predominate force? 
13.  What is the likelihood of that happening? 
14.  What is the risk of finding out in a trade? 
15.  Is there enough potential for movement to make the trade worth the 
risk? 
We may never know what traders will in fact do. But we can determine 
what they will likely do if certain things happen first. For example, if traders 
push the price lower than the previous low, what will likely occur? Is this 
new low significant enough to cause traders holding long positions to bail out? 
Will it cause new shorts to enter the market or attract existing shorts to add to 
their positions? New shorts may be attracted to the market, and old shorts will 
add to their position. This price slide will stop when enough traders believe the 
price is cheap relative to something. That reference point will likely be some 
other previous old high or low. 
If you can't determine the significance of any particular high or low or any other 
significant reference point for that matter, then you have to ask yourself if it is 
worth the risk of finding out How much room will you have to give the market to 
define itself before it is evident that the flow of the market is not in the direction 
of that trade? 
Ask yourself this question: For this trade to be valid or continue to be valid, 
the market shouldn't trade to what point? If it trades within that point, then the 
trade still has potential for working. Beyond that point, it is no longer valid in 
the direction that I started. 
Keep in mind that the amount of price movement that you determine is 
necessary for the market to define itself has to correspond with your emotional 
tolerance to accept the dollar value of a loss that size. Otherwise, don't take the 
trade regardless of how much potential you think it might have, unless you can 
realistically change the foregoing parameters to fit your capacity for a potential 
loss. 
 179 
Let the market define itself and then apply whatever criteria you use to define 
an opportunity. Identify your significant reference points and place your orders 
on either side of the point; then wait for the market to do whatever it is going to 
do. Try putting your orders in the market in advance of whatever you perceive as 
having a high probability of occurring based on the existing market conditions. 
By putting your orders in advance of some anticipated move, you will be 
learning how to let the market work for you Placing your orders in advance will 
also help to keep you from having an opinion, and you won't be subjecting 
yourself to the moment-to-moment conflict inherent within all price movement. 
Keep in mind that since the market is in perpetual motion, it puts you in a 
position of having to make never-ending assessments of the current risk in 
relationship to the current possibilities for reward. To do this effectively, you 
will have to learn to observe the market as if you were not in a position. This 
perspective will free you to take whatever action is appropriate for the situation 
instead of hesitating, hoping, and wishing that the market will make you right. 
The market doesn't make you right, you make yourself right. Your 
inability to execute or the degree to which you hesitate after you perceive 
an opportunity to get in or out of a trade or reverse your position will be an 
excellent gauge as to how locked in you are mentally. Making note of these 
occurrences of hesitation or immobility will give you an indication of the 
exact state of your mental resources to execute. You need this information to 
use as a reference point to build from. 
When you are about to enter into a position, ask yourself, by imagining, 
what the next five minutes or tomorrow (depending on your time frame) 
would have to look like to validate your trade, to confirm that the trend is 
still intact. What would the next five minutes or tomorrow have to look 
like to indicate the opposite. Then, again, place your orders at the 
appropriate price in advance of the market's getting there. 
All these questions will keep reminding you that anything can happen, 
and you will be preparing yourself in advance for those possibilities. Also, 
if anything can happen, then of course, you will have to consider that there 
will always be something you haven't taken into consideration, had 
absolutely no awareness of or could have no prior knowledge of, for 
example, such as how many traders may enter the market for the first time 
with enough force to reverse its direction. 
Keep in mind that prices move in the direction of the greatest force 
(traders fulfilling their beliefs about the future). Or said in its converse 
form, prices will move in the direction of the least resistance to the 
prevailing force. Significant reference points give you the opportunity to 
make high probability assessments of the degree of balance or imbalance 
between the two forces, the point at which it is likely to shift, and in whose 
favor. 
By learning to identify significant reference points, you can determine 
what each group will do based on what they already believe about future 
value. If you can determine on a collective basis what will validate or 
 180 
invalidate those beliefs, then you will know how each group is likely to 
behave. 
I want to remind you that this approach is to help you stay detached and 
understand that price movement is a function of traders acting individually 
and collectively as a force expressing their beliefs in future value. The 
greatest number with the strongest belief will always be right. The easiest 
way to make money is to go with the flow. To identify the flow, you need 
to stand apart from the crowd and suspend what you believe about relative 
value so that you can determine who is likely to do what and with how much 
force, how is everyone else likely to react, and if it doesn't happen, what 
will traders do then? 
By asking yourself these questions you are automatically keeping your 
focus of attention on the market and what the possibilities are. Any 
limitations you place on the market's behavior will cause you to focus on the 
impossibility instead of the possibility of something happening. Your belief 
that the market has to behave in certain ways proscribed by your mental 
structure will cause you to focus your attention on what the market is doing 
to you, and if what it is doing is causing pain, then the potential exists for 
you to avoid or distort information, usually resulting in a painful forced 
awareness. 
STEP SIX:    LEARNING TO BE OBJECTIVE 
To achieve a state of objectivity you need to operate out of beliefs that 
allow for anything to happen, as opposed to beliefs that allow only for the 
market to express itself in a limited fashion. If you operate out of a belief 
that anything can happen, then whatever does happen won't be threatening 
to you in any way, thereby causing you to avoid or distort certain categories 
of market information. Any limits you place on the market's behavior will 
be a compensating factor for your lack of trust and confidence to act 
appropriately in any given situation. This will be evidenced by the fear, 
stress, and anxiety that you will feel when the market expresses itself 
beyond your mental limits and you can't do anything to control the 
situation. 
However, you do have to have some belief or expectation about the 
future or you wouldn't ever put on a trade in the first place. To be 
objective, you will need to release yourself from "demand-backed 
expectations" and make what I call "uncommitted assessments of the 
probabilities." Unlike the markets, in our everyday social lives we can and 
do exert control over the environment to assure ourselves of the outcomes 
that we desire. The rules we learn to abide by in order to interact with one 
another are our expectations about the future. Once we learn these rules, 
especially if we have learned them in a painful way, we can demand certain 
outcomes from the environment. Hence, our expectations of the future are 
actually demands that the environment conform to our expectations of it. 
 181 
Without really thinking about it, we will carry these same kinds of demands 
with us into the trading environment because of our natural resistance to 
letting go of our expectations. That is, staying committed to any limited 
belief about the possibilities that exist in the markets is virtually the same as 
making a demand. 
If you have any doubts about this, consider that if we weren't demanding 
that the market conform to our expectations, then we wouldn't ever have a 
reason to get angry when it doesn't. Have you ever gotten angry at the 
market? Anger is a natural defense mechanism. When we feel anger, it is an 
indication that the environment is assaulting us in some way, creating an 
imbalance between the mental and outer environments. The outer 
environment is either showing us something about itself or ourselves that 
we don't want to accept. We protect ourselves with our anger to ward off 
this assault. In our everyday lives our anger can be an effective tool to get 
what we want (change what the outer environment is showing us about 
itself that we can't accept) or to ward off what the environment is showing 
us about ourselves that we can't accept. 
However, if we interact with the market with demand-backed or 
committed expectations of its behavior, we will cut ourselves off from the 
information that we need to make accurate assessments of its potential to 
move in any given direction. If we don't have the power to control the 
markets in such a way as to make them do what we expect them to do and at 
the same time we aren't willing to give up our expectations and accept the 
way things are, then it would create what would otherwise be an 
irreconcilable dilemma if it weren't for our ability to distort, alter, or 
exclude information from our awareness. Perceptual distortion is the one 
compensating factor that will, at least temporarily, correct the imbalance 
between what we expect and what the market is offering, when there is a 
difference between the two. 
Our committed expectations about the future will act as a force on our 
perception of market information to control its flow into our mental system 
in such a way as to avoid a confrontation with anything that doesn't 
conform with what we already believe is possible.  
Which, of course, is always going to be less than what is possible from 
the market's perspective. If we are perceiving much less than what is 
available, then we are out of touch with what is possible from the market's 
perspective and setting ourselves up for a painful forced awareness. To be 
objective you have to make "uncommitted assessments of the probabilities." 
Which simply means that you have no commitment to any particular 
outcome. You just observe what is happening in each moment as an 
indication of what will probably happen next. 
Here is what objectivity feels like, so that you can recognize when you 
have achieved it. 
You feel no pressure to do anything 
 182 
You have no feeling of fear 
You feel no sense of rejection 
There is no right or wrong 
You recognize that this is what the market is telling me, this is what I 
do 
You can observe the market from the perspective as if you were not in a 
position, even when you are 
You are not focused on money but on the structure of the market 
To stay objective anticipate as many possibilities as you can and how 
probable each of these possibilities are. Then decide in advance what you 
are going to do in each situation. If none of your scenarios is working out as 
you anticipated, then get out. Release yourself from the need to be right. 
The more uncommitted your assessments are the less potential for distortion 
and experiencing a painful forced awareness. 
STEP SEVEN: LEARNING TO 
MONITOR YOURSELF 
As outlined in the exercise to develop self-discipline in Chapter 14, you 
need to start paying attention to what you are thinking about and what 
market information you are focused on. 
 
 
Trading Rules  
When you are in a trade constantly ask yourself if anything "has to 
happen." Obviously, you want the market to go in your direction; however, 
what I want you to do is monitor how you feel, your Level of commitment to 
what has to happen. Remember there is a big difference in perspective between 
"what is happening" and something that "has to happen." If you find that your 
commitment levels are rising, keep on telling yourself that it is all right for 
anything to happen because you are confident in your ability to respond 
appropriately to whatever does happen. 
Ask yourself what can't happen? What can't the market do? When you 
find yourself rationalizing the market's behavior to support your position, 
you are operating in the realm of illusion and setting yourself up for a 
painful forced awareness. Remember the market can do anything, even take 
your profits away if you allow it. Always take something out of the markets 
when you find yourself in a winning trade. 
A question to ask yourself is if you are prepared to give yourself money 
today. If the answer doesn't come back a resounding yes, then find out 
why before you trade. If you can't reconcile the issue or set it aside, then 
you would be better off not trading, until you do. If you are determined to 
 183 
trade anyway, at the very least make a substantial reduction in the number 
of contracts you normally trade. 
When you find yourself focused on the monetary value of a trade instead 
of the structure of the market (i.e., what the trade is worth to you in dollar 
terms, dreams, goals, and so forth instead of what the market is telling you 
about its potential to move in any given direction) then assume you are 
distorting or avoiding certain information and either don't put the trade on 
or take what you have off until you become more objective. 
 184 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 17 
 
Final Note 
Even after you have learned all of the skills set forth in this book, at some 
point in time it will probably occur to you that your trading is simply a 
feedback mechanism to tell you how much you like yourself in any given 
moment. After you have learned to trust yourself to always act in your best 
interests, the only thing that will hold you back is your degree of self-
valuation. That is, you will give yourself an amount of money that directly 
corresponds with what you believe you deserve based on some value system 
you acquired at some point in your life. The more positive you feel about 
yourself, the more abundance that will naturally flow your way as a by-
product of these positive feelings. So, in essence, to give yourself more 
money as a trader you need to identify, change or decharge anything in your 
mental environment that doesn't contribute to the highest degree of self-
valuation that is possible. What's possible? Stay focused on what you need to 
learn, do the work that is necessary, and your belief in what is possible will 
naturally expand as a function of your willingness to adapt. 
 
 