 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
This book is protected and registered under the  
United Kingdom copyright law. 
 
Any attempt to reproduce the book or the concepts 
without the author’s approval is prohibited. 
 
 
©2025 Ariff T , All rights reserved 
©2025 The Book of T, All rights reserved 
©2025 The House of T, All rights reserved 
 
 
 

 
4 
The 
Book 
of 
T. 
 
Memoirs of a Once 
Struggling Trader 
and How He Made 
It Out 
 

 
5 
 
 
 
My grandparents, wise and caring. Giving me the advice 
I needed for life and the ones who started it all 
 
My mother, the guiding light and the one who made me 
believe in myself, pushing me beyond what I thought was 
possible 
 
My father, the one who gave me the strength to stand on 
my two weak legs and kept me away from bad business 
 
My best friends, the ones who believed and supported 
me throughout the way 
 
My future wife and children, the ones I try to be the best 
role model for 
 
 
 
 
 

 
6 
 
 
 
 
My love letter to every struggling trader, every human 
who followed my journey, every soul I’ve touched directly 
or indirectly and above all, my beloved students. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This one’s for you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
7 
The Epilogue 
I know why you’re here. You have an undying spirit that 
wants freedom outside of your usual 9 -5. Something 
different. Something more. Just like how I was years back. 
You’re hungry, you’re lost and you have no idea what to do 
next. You found trading on an instagram reel or a tiktok 
video, or better yet, from a dude on youtube who claims to 
have made a billion dollars in a month (spoiler alert, you can’t 
do that).  
 
You tried everything you could to become profitable but 
due to the unfortunate nature of this shady f*****g industry, 
you’re still left clueless, without a guide, without any path to 
follow. Everything either seems totally out of reach, or simply 
outright dumb. On the other side, someone is telling you that 
you need at least 10k USD to fund an account, the other side 
is saying that retail traders won’t make it because we’re 
competing with trillion dollar hedge funds, and on the far far 
far side someone is telling you that you can flip 10 bucks to a 
million in a few days. So what’s real and what’s not? What’s 
the truth and what’s bogus? You came here to find that out. 
And maybe i have the answer you want.  

 
8 
 Reality 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If you want to be a great trader, you must master all these.  
Psychology 
Technique 
Risk 
Management 
Staying 
Consistent 

 
9 
 
 
Psychology allows you to master yourself. 
 
Technique allows you to get the best trades. 
 
Risk Management keeps you alive long enough. 
 
Staying Consistent keeps you profitable. 
 
 
 
Master these 4 pillars, and you’re basically a supertrader 
Fail one, and you’re done. 
 
By the end of this book, I hope most of you know exactly 
how to improve in each area. 
 
 

 
10 
 
 
 
 
  
Section 1:  
The Journey of a Trader 
 
 
 
 
 

 
11 
My Story 
 
 My name is Ariff T. I am proudly Malaysian. My friends 
call me T. Well, at this point everyone calls me that except for 
my mom. I got that nickname when I was 13 while attending 
an elite boarding school in Malaysia. Ever since I was a child, 
I had this affinity towards all that is beautiful. I always 
wanted to be great. This lead me to pursue so many things 
when I was in school and university. I represented my 
country in various competitions, be it ranging from debating, 
science fairs and rugby. At one poi nt I represented Malaysia 
to Intel ISEF in America and was able to get a medal that gave 
me a permanent membership in The Society For Science. I 
made an invention that would change my young life at the 
time. Due to my stellar achiements, I was offered a full 
scholarship to one of the world’s best universities, and 
graduated with honors. I’ve always wanted to be an all 
rounded person. I believe that a jack of all trades but a master 
of none is better than a master of one.  
 
From a young age, I’ve always hated seeing my dad have 
to work very hard to provide for the family. I wanted to be 
great for my family. Two types of people exist, one that sees 

 
12 
success and has envy, while the other type of person feels 
inspired and wants to get involved. I am the latter. I always 
wondered how people got rich. Because it definitely isn’t by 
working a good job. While working a job can make you 
comfortable, how do y ou get RICH? I want sovereignty. I 
want to truly enjoy my time here on God’s big blue Earth. I 
wanted to be free. I believe that as a man, being poor is an 
insult to yourself, a man can only be truly proud of himself if 
he can provide well, and money is a key factor in providing. 
During university, I tried everything I could to make money, 
until my father started trading stocks. I learned some basic 
technical analysis from him and decided this was the path I 
wanted to pursue. I mean, easy money right? 
 
BOY WAS I WRONG 
 
I went into the market in my first year thinking that it 
was just like any other skill, until i lost all my savings. At one 
point i only had 19MYR(4.5USD) in my bank account and 
had to last the rest of the month. I deposited it all into a 
broker and got no thing. Is trading a scam? Absolutely not. 
But can you make it in a year? Nah I don’t think so. I was also 
scammed by multiple people and projects throughout my 
early career. Copytrade this, signal group that. These things 

 
13 
hurt a beginner. Which is why i don’t usually indulge in 
them. I believe the best way to provide value to traders is only 
education. Which means the educator and the student will 
almost always get value. 
 
I started trading using every indicator you could 
imagine. The RSI, MACD, Ichimoku Clouds, Moving 
Averages. While i totally respect my friends who trade these 
kind of styles as they are very profitable, I believe that the true 
essence of the market lies in trading the naked chart. 
 
Just a few lines on the chart, 
With a whole lotta logic 
 
 If you really ask me how I went on to find these things, 
it was because i was raised in the Golden Era of Malaysian 
Traders. Circa 2019. Something I’d like to revive. There were 
so many awesome traders to learn from at the time. Each 
having their own unique skillsets and created so many 
profitable traders under their guidance. I was lucky. So lucky 
to be mentored by them. Now that they’re all gone, I bear the 
torch and their legacy. I am the next generation. And have 
been for the past few years. I hope that someday, when I retire 

 
14 
from this industry, someone will continue on what i left on 
as well and go on to be a great person in the industry. 
 
 
 I found my edge in only trading XAUUSD and i dare 
say that now my skillset has become so complete to the point 
where I can practically grow any account size to any account 
size, the only barrier is time. (Unless we’re starting with 10 
bucks lol). I was able to make good money from trading 
during my final year in university and retired upon 
graduation. I now own multiple b usinesses to keep my 
lifestyle afloat while also trading. Usually at this point i prefer 
to swing trade. It removes the stress from the e quation. I am 
surrounded by some of my students who love me as a trader 
and as a person all of which I love back. I’ve always traded 
SNR like this ever since I started trading, and one day, one 
person leaked my class recordings to Youtube, went viral 
then the Internet coined that style as MSNR (Malaysian 
SNR) and now I just roll with it. Blessings upon blessings 
from the Most High. What a life. Alhamdulillah. 
 
I told myself, if i were ever to have a presence on social 
media, i want it to be one without a face. All my followers 
can see is a silhouette of a man. Me. I chose that path because 

 
15 
I want people to appreciate the art I produce, the trades I 
make, and the value I want to provide. I dont want people to 
follow me and adore me just because I have a handsome face 
or a good looking body. In this superficial world, someone 
has to make a change. And if you want to change the world, 
start with yourself. F**k the nice cars and flashy watches, I 
want to make art . I’ve always been inspired by the art of 
Leonardo Da Vinci, a visionary of his era. Created the 
Monalisa, his ultimate work of art that redefined painting as 
a whole. Throughout the years I’ve spent in the market, I 
wanted to create my own Monalisa, something that people 
would look back on years after I’m gone. And I guess I was 
able to find it. Inspire people with art, with knowledge. That 
is the way. That is true wealth. Inspiration. 
 
I knew from a very young age that I’d rather work for 
myself and even fail in the process as long as I have the 
opportunity to build my dream life. Something in me was 
always telling me that I refuse to be average, I refuse to be 
limited by others’ constraints. Now look where that got me. 
Here! I don’t want to disclose my entire net worth to you, as 
that would be sinful of me. But we can safely say I reached 6 
figures quite a long while ago and have grown a lot since (take 
a guess). And all this started fro m me trying to flip accounts 

 
16 
using my life savings (half of which I lost in the early stages). 
I now can live my childhood dream of living in London, 
while caring for my family in Malaysia. Bought everything 
I’ve ever wanted, and I can now breathe and live happily. I 
am comfortable. A nd trading has brought me peace that 
would be almost unachievable if I worked a stressful job.  
 
Now that I’ve reached a more mature stage in my 
trading career, I wish to share what my experience in a book. 
They say that whatever is written goes on to live long after 
you’re gone, and I like that. I like to be remembered in a good 
light (hopefully). This book is the byproduct of my years of 
market experience, mostly written while listening to jazz 
while having an occasional cigar in hand. I purposely made 
the book to not have an index, so you can go through it 
without skipping any pages. I do hope you enjoy. 
 
Love, 
T 
 
 
 
 

 
17 
Failure is a Tool 
  
“The master has failed more than the disciple has ever 
tried” 
 
Are you scared of failure?  
I know I am.  
 
But what if in trading, it’s totally necessary? What if i told 
you that the more times you fail, the better your odds of 
making it. Provided, you journal each loss. 
 
Throughout this section of my writing, we’ll explore 
two categories of failed attempts when taking trades: 
 
1. Failed attempts during the learning process 
2. Failed attempts after developing a system 
 
One can be learned from, while the other is simply the 
result of successful trading. Let’s explore how to be a much 
better trader by dealing with losses effectively and turning 
them into lessons while simultaneously turning you into a 
stoic rock 

 
18 
 
 
 
If two were to meet, which one could win? 
 
An unstoppable force 
or 
An immovable object? 
 
 
 
 
 
Don’t answer. 
 
Because you’re going to need to be both of these if you’re 
looking to succeed in trading 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
19 
Failures During The Learning Process 
 
“The master has failed more times than the beginner has 
even tried” 
 
 If you fail to learn from your mistakes, you truly lose. 
There’s no way out anymore. Learning how to trade is exactly 
the same as learning any craft in any field. You simply have to 
fail forward. In this section, let’s explore how we can fail 
gracefully. 
Step 1: Find trading knowledge that you’d like to master. 
 
Step 2: Understand every parameter about that knowledge. 
 
Step 3: Start backtesting. Find months/years of the exact 
same scenario happening. (Backtesting is to gain familiarity 
with a technique. Similar to muscle memory.) 
 
Step 4: Start front testing. Show up in the market everyday 
for a few months minimum to test your understanding. 
 
Step 5: Record all failures that happen during the front 
testing process. Screenshot with explanation (if there are 
any) 

 
20 
My personal belief is that there are two types of failed 
trade attempts in the market. 
 
1. Human Error 
 
 Human error means that you were just an absolute 
dimwit during the execution of the trade. This can mean a 
wide range of things like adjusting your stop losses to make 
them too tight, taking profits too early, entering a trade too 
late/early, revenge trad ing, or simply being delusional and 
placing a trade when there’s nothing there.  
 
 Human error is the easiest type of failure to avoid. In my 
personal experience, most amateur traders that i have had the 
pleasure to work with have most their losses due to human 
error. Simply lacking the discipline, patience and trust in 
their system to execute like a steel-willed samurai. 
 
 A simple and proven way to avoid such errors is to get 
something to write on, could be a piece of paper or a nice 
whiteboard, and clearly write your trade rules on that. Before 
you take any trade, refer to what you’ve written down. If all 
criterias are me t, then go ahead and trade. If none are met, 
then turn on the PS5, play a couple games and just WAIT. 

 
21 
2. Technical Error 
 Ah, so you thought that after rigorous backtesting and 
front testing you would have a ‘perfect’ understanding of the 
market? Think again. The market will surprise you. 
 
 Again, my personal belief of mine is that there is no 
technique or trading method that averages a 100% win rate 
throughout an extended period of time. Anyone who claims 
that is either selling you a dream, a total scammer or has the 
luck of someone redisco vering a Dodo Bird in the Sahara 
Desert. 
 
 Technical errors fall into the category of losses that 
happen after you have followed all your rules in your system. 
They are simply unavoidable and it would be foolish of you 
to want to avoid them. Trust me, trying to find a flawless 
technique will cost you years of your time and will only cause 
a whole lot more confusion than you anticipated. 
 
Albert Einstein said, 
“Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again 
expecting different results” 
 
I DISAGREE. 

 
22 
 Trading is not physics. There is nothing that is 100% 
accurate. For example, in physics, due to the law of gravity, if 
you throw an apple in the air, the apple WILL fall down. But 
in trading, the apple can sometimes just fly in the air and 
never come back.  But if I know that the apple has a 70% 
chance of coming back down, I will throw that apple 
everytime and hope for a win. THAT IS TRADING. You 
can have all the timeframes in your favour, the perfect setups, 
and it will still fail. But if you do it 100 tim es, you will be 
profitable.  
 
 If you lose due to a technical lose, meaning that you 
followed all rules well, then DO THE SAME THING 
REPEATEDLY. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
23 
 
 
 
 
Stick with a proven, simple, strategy and LET THE 
ODDS PLAY OUT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The best traders have mastered the art of losing. 
 
That wasn’t a typo. 
 
Read that again. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
24 
The Phases of a Trader 
 
 Every trader goes through multiple phases before 
reaching the level they want to be. It’s like how in a game, you 
start off at Level 1, and as you play more, you gain experience 
and your level increases. The thing about trading is that most 
traders refuse to respect the process and the grind it takes to 
truly make it in this industry. In this section, let’s talk about 
the process. Here are the phases that every trader goes 
through: 
 
1. Shit Phase 
2. Learning Phase 
3. Experience Phase 
4. Mastery 
 
 Once you learn how to identify which phase you’re in, 
you start learning to enjoy the process, which most traders 
fail to do. They come in just for the money and that’s why 
they leave with none.  
 
Growth comes in phases 
 

 
25 
 
 
 
 
Who you are now is built on who you were 
 
Growth moves in full circles 
 
 
 

 
26 
Shit Phase 
  
Pardon me for the lack of better language, but 
unfortunately it is what it is. This phase is something that 
every trader goes through. It is that phase where you have 
absolutely no guidance, totally relying on Youtube Videos 
and are constantly jumping from  one trading philosophy to 
another.  
 
Simply speaking, 
 
YOU ARE LOST 
 
There’s good news and there’s bad news. The good news 
is, you have so much room to grow. The world is out there 
for the taking and you are basically a newborn in the trading 
world. You are at the stage where you have near unlimited 
amounts of passion and full drive. You are motivated to make 
it and really, enjoy this buzz while you can because it won’t 
last.  
 
The bad news? Well, it’s that you won’t be able to make 
it out unless you properly search for someone to guide you 

 
27 
out there. SO many people give up in this phase simply 
because they start thinking that trading isn’t for them, or it’s 
just too complicated. But really, I get it. I’ve been there before 
and all I can say is.. Good luck.  
 
The only way for you to get out of this is by finally 
admitting that you need some proper guidance and require 
someone to tell you what’s right from wrong. The fact that 
you purchased this book shows that you understand that you 
require guidance. And i applaud you for that. Good on you! 
 
During my shit phase, I was jumping from signal group 
to signal group, hoping that each guru would give me some 
holygrail method that would somehow make me a millionaire 
overnight. Unfortunately, all I got was simple 2 minute 
videos of dudes explaining support and resistance in the most 
uncanny manner. I was mixing and matching every strategy I 
could find and the more I mixed, the worse it would become. 
Heh. And I thought I was smart. My shit phase ended when 
i decided to take matters into my own hands and bought a 
mentorship. Learned some cool knowledge and built my 
foundation on it. Awesome 
 
 

 
28 
 
 
 
 
Everyone starts somewhere 
 
But for traders? 
 
We start at the very bottom 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
29 
Learning Phase 
 
The learning phase is where you decide to break from 
your old habits because you’re starting to understand that 
you are inherently lost. You want to do better, so you start 
paying people for knowledge. I believe that mentorship is not 
a scam, this book its elf feels like a mentorship but just in 
written word form. I believe mentorships are only scams 
when the teacher does not give what is promised or massively 
under delivers. Otherwise, getting a mentorship is the best 
decision for anyone starting out in any industry. 
 
Learning can only be done well when done correctly. 
Most people don’t truly know how to learn. Sometimes, 
more knowledge leads to destruction especially when not 
managed properly. Here’s where i can give you some of my 
experience to hopefully guide you on this path. My personal 
philosophy to learn is,  
 
“You must know what you don’t know, so you can find 
what you don’t know” 
 

 
30 
To be an effective learner, learn to understand where 
your weak points are. Where you need help and guidance at. 
Simply learning without intent will leave you overwhelmed 
and left in a state of analysis paralysis.  
 
During my learning phase, i identified that i needed help 
with long term market direction, so i went scavenging for 
mentors that only do swing trades. I needed help with 
understanding how to work with lower timeframes, so i went 
under the wing of a supersc alper. I needed help 
understanding the hourly timeframes, so I decided to enroll 
under a mentorship of someone who mainly daytrades. You 
see, that’s how you effectively learn. Throughout my learning 
phase, I have had the pleasure to learn with so many teachers, 
namely Saintsbrian, 411, Emrage Capital and much more 
that I do not wish to name. But all of these amazing people 
have shaped me into the trader and person i have become 
today, and i am eternally grateful for them. 
 
Bottomline, the learning phase is where you start to take 
bits and pieces of knowledge and add them into your 
personal arsenal. 
 
 

 
31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stand on the shoulders of giants 
 
Then enjoy the view 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
32 
Experience Phase 
  
Your mentorship has ended. Now it’s time for you to 
face the market. The experience phase is where you no longer 
learn from a person. Rather, you start learning from yourself 
and the market. You start collecting data (methods disclosed 
in further chapters)  and figuring out which pieces of the 
puzzle work best together. Have you ever heard about a man 
who has 10+ years in the market but still minimal results? 
Well that’s usually because he did not collect experience in 
the right direction. The criterias to b uild a profitable system 
simply were not met, and he was left moving around in 
circles. 
 
Direction is more important than speed 
 
 My personal experience phase took years. This is where 
most truly start giving up. The feeling of “I’ve learnt so 
much, but i know nothing”. Sound familiar? Been there, 
done that. The only way out of this is by restructuring 
yourself and locking in by building yourself a personal system 
(steps in coming chapters). Here’s a story about one of my 
mentors and friends and how he achieved profitability.  

 
33 
 
 He was a business owner and was very tired working 100 
hour weeks. Good money, but he needed to rest. What 
happened was that he devised a plan. At the time, he had 5+ 
years experience in trading and basically knew everything but 
was not profitable. He used the monthly revenue to bring his 
staff members to Langkawi for a company retreat  but he 
stayed in the hotel room. 18 hours a day just backtesting and 
front testing while collecting data in the form of annotated 
screenshots. During this time, he told him self, “I’m tired, i 
want to rest” If he did not make it in 30 days, he will give up. 
The human mind works in wondrous ways. When you push 
it to the absolute extreme, miracles can happen especially 
when you have a strong connection to God. After 11 days, he 
was able to turn 5 figures to multiple 6 figures and called off 
the company retreat. He made it. He’s now able to make 
money while resting. A few weeks later, he closed off the 
business, paid off the staff and went on to live as free as a bird. 
All it takes is years of learning then a short time of continuous 
and intense pressure. And then you should be set 
 
 

 
34 
Mastery 
 
 Congratulations, you made it. Everything was worth it 
in the end. You are now consistently profitable and you 
either have a huge amount of prop firm funding or have a 
nicely sized personal account.  *standing ovation* You can 
now pull money while you’re doing anything. Heck, even 
while you’re taking a shower. You can make a person’s yearly 
salary within a week with 1% the effort. But the thing is, no 
one knows what you had to endure in the process of trying to 
be profitable. The pain you endured, the nights you doubted 
yourself, the hardships that came with it. Insane. That’s the 
insane part about trading. It’s a whole lot of nothing, then 
boom. All at once. Everything you’ve ever lost, made back 
within a short amount of time. Do i sound like I’m selling 
you a dream? Yeah kinda. But is it possible? Absolutely. And 
I’m coming from a place of experience here. Believe in 
yourself and you’re already halfway there.  
 
 
 
 

 
35 
 How would you know if you’ve achieved total mastery? 
Well, it is when you have system that you know like the back 
of your hand. A system you trust, is profitable and can stand 
the test of time. The second sign is that you are now mostly 
desensitised to what the market does. It can go to the moon 
or shoot down thousand of pips but you wouldn't care. You 
finally realise that you now have control over a lot of things 
and one of those things is yourself. You’re basically a monk 
with money making powers. That is the end goal of a trader.  
 
 You open the charts, look at the market, and if there is 
no setup that looks nice enough or follows your entry 
models, you close them and learn to wait. It’s a beautiful life.  
 
 How do you maintain yourself in mastery? Well that’s 
simple. Here’s an analogy, you’ve now turned yourself into a 
supercar. If you drive through the countrysides enough, 
you’ll get dirty. So you’ll need a wash and some yearly 
maintenance. As a trader who has achieved mastery, the best 
way for you to get a ‘wash’ and ‘maintenance’ is by reviewing 
your journal, data and screenshots for a few hours every 
weekend. To make sure you are always as familiar as possible 
with how it works without missing much details. 
 

 
36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2:  
The Trader’s Mindset 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
37 
Process Oriented VS 
Outcome Oriented 
Above all in trading, it is extremely important to be 
process oriented rather than being outcome oriented. You 
don’t have to win every single trade. You just have to win 
enough to be profitable. If you lose on a setup that has been 
profitable in the long run, if it comes again in the future, just 
take it again. You should be a stoic in this sense. Good trading 
is simply doing the SAME thing again and again. Despite the 
results, because you know in the long run, you can win. 
 
When you focus on a process, 
You get a desirable outcome 
 
When you focus on an outcome, 
You lose 
 
If you’re hungry, 
Do you find a way to get food, or learn to eat? 

 
38 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
You want results? 
Do something that helps you get results 
 
 
Process Oriented 
Outcome Oriented 
 
Time 
Equity 

 
39 
Fear and Greed 
  
 
 
These two aspects destroy more traders than you realise. 
And this is why so many fail in this journey. This is why i love 
to talk about how trading is largely a personal journey and 
the only way to get better as a trader is if you take the time to 
improve as a person.  
 
 To improve as a person, you will need to clearly identify 
your emotional triggers and the tendencies that come when 
you feel them. For example, revenge trading or simply full 
porting an account, both of which could eventually be a 
silent killer in the realm of trading. 
 
 Let’s talk about this. No, let’s have a heart -to-heart 
conversation about this. 
 
 
 

 
40 
 
 
 
 
 
Like anything else in life,  
 
You have to grow inside first to grow on the outside. 
 
Just like how flowers can only bloom when they’re perfectly 
ready 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
41 
Fear 
 
 Fear kills more traders than lack of knowledge ever will. 
Imagine knowing so much about the market, knowing your 
technique like the back of your hand but still lacking the 
conviction to execute these trades. Been there? If your answer 
is yes, then this action is tailor made specifically for you.  
 
 Let’s do a little mental exercise. How many times have 
you seen a crystal clear setup, and completely ignored it 
thinking “Nevermind, it wont work” and then a few hours 
later, you come back and it played out all the way to TP? Why 
did that happen? It was because you were not able to learn to 
trust the process. Trades fail, trades work. As long as you 
know that most of your trades should go well, then just 
continue hitting the right buttons. There is no need to be 
scared. Being overly cautious will only hurt you more. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
42 
Killing Fear 
 Most fears are created in the mind. Most fears are simply 
imagined outcomes that took control of you because you 
weren’t disciplined enough to say NO. 
 
 Fact of the matter is, in order to be a successful trader, 
you have to totally get rid of a certain human part of yourself, 
which is why many traders fail. They weren’t able to break 
free from the mental shackles that haunt them.  
 
Here’s some advice 
 
 If you knew that a trade would work MOST OF THE 
TIME, would you still be scared? Would you be hesitant? 
Nope. Of course not. You’d come to terms that if you lose, 
this is simply just another outcome in the grand probability 
of things. You would be able to tell yourself,  
 
“I can win if i take this again next time” 
 
To achieve total confidence, you’ll need… DATA (to be 
continued) 

 
43 
Using Data To Combat Fear 
 
 My personal opinion is that the best traders are simply 
the best data collectors. Throughout my experience 
mentoring huge talents, one thing holds true to each one that 
make it in this industry: 
 
A passion for pattern recognition 
 
 Most of the insane ones that i know say things like, “I’ve 
been backtesting for 6 hours a day”, “I have hundreds of 
screenshots of setups in my folder”, “I tried everything i 
could”. And really, it is just THAT SIMPLE to get where you 
want in trading. Having being totally familiarised with your 
technique eliminates most traces of fear. Do those 100 
screenshots per setup. Find every scenario and keep them in 
a nice folder. Do that heavylifting, and the fear you 
experience while dancing with the live market should dissolve 
on its own 
 
“He who sweats more in training bleeds less in war” 
 

 
44 
Greed 
 
  Like everyone else, you came into trading because you 
thought it could turn small money into big money real quick. 
While that can be correct, the best path to success is 
incremental and steady gains rather than full porting your 
account at every opportunity. 
 
 “Greed makes people poor” 
 
 I know you want to make that $1000. But you only have 
$50. Simply speaking, your mind wont be able to handle such 
pressure especially knowing that you MUST turn that money 
into 4 figures. It’s a hard life, i know. But adding this to it 
only makes life harder. 
 
 Here’s a little scenario that you might have experienced. 
You’re in a trade, and you’ve already gotten a 1:2 RR trade. 
Nice! But instead of taking profit, you want it to go to the 
moon and get a 1:5 RR trade. That doesn't happen and ends 
up taking your st oploss. If you took profits and followed 
your plan, you could have been alright. But your greed got 

 
45 
the best of you and now you have to recover your account 
from drawdown. Not fun right? But here’s the thing, if only 
you could learn to respect your plan, things could have 
turned out much differently. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
46 
Managing Greed 
 
 In my personal opinion, there are only 2 ways to go 
about trading. Personal funds or Prop Firms and that’s 
basically it. Both ways have their pros and cons but are 
extremely effective when it comes to getting success in 
trading.  
 
If you’re lucky enough to have personal capital or have a 
comfortable job that pays well and do not want to follow 
stringent rules that prop firms force onto you, then personal 
funds is the way. However, if you don’t have much money 
but are extremely skill ed in trading, go the prop firm route. 
Much less flexibility but way more bang for your buck 
especially if you can make it to a payout. 
 
Human beings are born greedy, and it can manifest in many 
different ways. Let’s do a little deep dive on how to manage 
this in both routes so you can learn not only how to make 
money, but keep it too. 
 
 

 
47 
Personal Funds 
 
 Since everything is left to your own responsibility, you’ll 
need to learn the art of account management to squeeze as 
much value as you possibly can. 
 
 Let’s say you’re starting off with $10000. I can’t go 
lower than this as people will start saying that i’m giving you 
unrealistic expectations, but this system can be applied to any 
amount of capital.  
 
 Take that $10000 and split it into 4 accounts. $2500 
each. Risk 10 -15% on every trade you take on the $2500 
account. If you’re able to get a good 50% growth on that 
account, transfer it back into the large pool of $10000. This 
takes a HUGE mental burden o ff you and can eventually 
make your trading very stress free in the long run. And this 
way, you’re also forcing yourself to not risk your entire 
capital therefore greed can’t get to you even if it tried.  
 
 
 

 
48 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rinse and repeat 
 
 
 

 
49 
Full Margin (Kamikaze Mode) 
 
 This is using a personal account on steroids. You go 
risking it all on one setup and wait for an outcome. I know 
some guru out there will read this and probably diss me on 
this, but truly, it’s one of the best ways to make good money 
from trading if you’r e starting from absolute zero. At least 
that’s how I did it. This method helped me turn 100 Bucks 
into 1k, 1k to 10k, and slowly scaled up to a much larger 
amount. If you have more than a 50% win rate on setups more 
than 1:1 you can make it work marvellously. 
 
 In this world that we live in, people discourage the art of 
massive risk taking. Somewhere on the net, I heard someone 
say that a healthy risk is 0.5% of an account. But let’s be real 
here, you don’t have 100k. You want to start from the 
absolute bottom. So let me help you grow that thing. Let’s 
say we’re starting from 1000USD . Let’s get to the money 
heist. And let’s just hope your broker gives you a nice enough 
leverage while allowing you to withdraw your money if you 
succeed with this method.  
 

 
50 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
All it takes is a few good trades. And you’re golden 
250USD 
250USD 
 
250USD 
 
250USD 
 
1000USD 
1000USD 

 
51 
Prop Firms 
 Frankly speaking, we are living in the golden era of prop 
firms. They’re basically everywhere.  But due to this, the bar 
of entry to the trading industry is now so low you can even 
start trading with $50. It’s actually insane. But like anything 
else, it’s  a double edged sword and most people hurt 
themselves in the process. Let’s learn how to use them 
smartly. 
 
 In my personal worldview, prop firms are good, but they 
are only a stepping stone that you must use to fund your 
personal account. If you are to get a payout, be wise and 
dump a good chunk of it in a reputable broker. 
 
 Back to the topic. If you have only $500, you’re much 
much much better off buying a 100k funded account from a 
firm rather than trying to flip it. Let’s be real here. You want 
to make big money. And flipping that $500 into something 
meaningful just isn’t realistic especially if you’re just starting 
out. Remember, 1% on $500 is $5 but it amounts to $1000 
on an $100k account. Just a numbers game. Bigger capital 
helps you think better without taking dumb risks. 

 
52 
 
 
 
If you want a bigger slice, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Get a bigger pie. 
 
 
 
 

 
53 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Good Answers come by asking great questions. 
 
Have you asked any? 
If you have, how many? 
If you haven’t, when will you start? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
54 
 Throughout my career as a trader, I've had the privilege 
to meet monsters, wizards and legends of the market. 
Everything seems to fall in place for them, and it seems like 
they just know the future (which is impossible). I’ve had the 
privilege to call the m friends, mentors and brothers. I’ve 
studied them, studied with them, studied under them, and 
I’ve noticed a very clear pattern in each one of these people 
 
It’s the art of following a system.  
 
You don’t have to care about what the market will do if you 
know exactly how your next setup looks like. You don’t need 
to predict if you can react. You don’t need to perceive if you 
can read. You don’t need to understand everything if you 
understand a few things clearly. The market does not reward 
the smartest rather, it rewards the most resilient, the most 
consistent, and the most meticulous. 
 
It rewards the ones that say, 
“If this happens I’ll do this” 
It punishes the ones that say, 
“This will DEFINITELY happen” 
 
See the difference? 

 
55 
My entire trading career is built on questioning the 
market. Every level, every movement, every tick and reaction; 
hoping to find the grand algorithm that governed the thing 
we call the markets. Funnily enough, i used to believe that a 
100% win rate was po ssible. I had huge winning streaks at a 
given time, so i felt invincible. Until a losing streak came 
which made me fall into a deep depression. But that’s all a 
part of the journey. Nothing breaks you more than having 
the stars ripped from the damn sky the moment you thought 
they aligned. After having that happen, all i could think of 
was, 
 
“Have the market makers found me?” 
“Will my technique ever work again?” 
“Was it all luck?” 
 
Everything felt like it was working against me and i 
thought it was the end. The end of my trading career. I 
thought I had to pack my bags and perhaps turn into one of 
those ecom guys (which is equally as cool) or simply start 
gambling on memecoin (i’m joking). But little did i know, 
that was the start of something beautiful. It was the start of 
my real journey. The true journey of a trader. The growth 
process 

 
56 
People fail, systems don’t. Read that again. People fail, 
systems don’t. A foolproof system is designed to protect the 
fool (the fool in question is yourself and myself). It took me 
too long to realise that the market wasn’t meant to be 
understood. It’s si mply a grand casino with repeated 
outcomes. You can do everything right, and still fail. You can 
do everything wrong, and still succeed. That’s how absurd 
the market is. But like anything in life, nothing is truly 
random. There are patterns even in randomness. 
 
“Everyone thinks trading is fun and games until it 
breaks you in the process” 
 
Hold five fingers out. Put a finger down if you’ve gone 
broke trying to trade. Put a finger down if you’ve cried 
because you have no idea what you’re doing. Put a finger 
down if you think you’ve been scammed. Put a finger down 
if you’ve full ported your ac count on one trade. Put a finger 
down if you’ve thought about giving up. All fingers down? 
Thought so. You’ll realise your experiences are universal and 
you’re never alone. Thousands of others reading this book 
feel the same way as you. Learning trading in volves a lot of 
pain. But if you survive long enough, it can reward you with 
more than you ever hoped for. 

 
57 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Still here? 
Great job. We’re only just starting 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
58 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 3: 
Building A Profitable System 
 
 
 
 
 

 
59 
You’ll need to build a few systems before you enter the 
market seriously. 
 
1. Trade Entering System 
2. Trade Exit System 
3. Psychological Systems 
3a) Pain Management System (during losses) 
3b) Pleasure Management System (during wins) 
 
Following these systems allows you to be able to enter 
supertrader mode provided that you were able to build these 
systems up on your own. Why is building your own systems 
so important? It’s because every trader is unique. We have 
different needs, wants and capabilities. Therefore, there is no 
one size fits all in trading. Everything is strictly personal. This 
is the ultimate path to the holy grail in my opinion. Nothing 
else really comes close.  
 
So what is a holy grail? How does one achieve it? Is the 
fabled 100% win rate method real? Well, i wouldn't say so. 
But following these systems allow you to be able to maximise 
everything you have with minimal downsides. Let’s dive into 
the creation of each of these systems. 
 

 
60 
The Trade Entering 
System 
 In order to make money from the market, it’s obvious 
that you’ll have to take trades. But to keep the money you 
make, you’ll need to learn the art of managing trades. Let’s 
talk about entering first. You’ll need a few things to make it 
work: 
 
1. Understanding of levels 
2. Understanding what makes them high probability 
3. Understanding what to ignore 
 
You’ll never see the light of profitability if you have no idea 
how your next setup looks like. If I were to test you right 
now, and pulled up the charts on TradingView and asked, 
 
“What do we do now?” 
 
If your answer isn’t, “Wait for x to happen” or  “Enter at x” 
or “Nothing.” then i have extremely bad news for you. You 
simply suck as a trader and you’ll either need to backtest for 
countless more hours and start seriously journaling. 

 
61 
Developing Understanding of Levels 
 
If you haven’t realised yet, my entire writing focuses on 
helping you ask yourself the right questions to understand 
the pain points you’ve been experiencing as a trader. I 
presume that every reader that has a hold of my book has 
their own style of trading  therefore i can focus on the more 
juicy parts. 
 
In my opinion, the only way for you to truly understand 
levels of the market is by learning from a well -seasoned 
trader, or better yet, a Youtube video that details how to 
mark and interpret said levels. Once you have that, here 
comes the next step. 
 
Backtest. 
 
Find each level, and take a screenshot every time you 
find that level happening in the market. Once you have 
racked up at least 50 screenshots of the exact same level 
working, congratulations, you’ve made progress. You’re well 
on your way to be a trader that doesn’t guess, but instead uses 
data-backed decisions. Go you! 
 

 
62 
Understanding High Probability Levels 
 
 Again, I can’t totally speak for everyone, but my 
personal way of determining if a level in the market has a 
good chance of holding and pushing price in the right 
direction is…. 
 
“CONFLUENCE” 
 
 I am an avid believer that the best way to trade is if there 
are multiple reasons to support your trade, be it buy/sell. My 
personal rule is that I must have at least 3 unique reasons to 
support myself taking the setup. 
 
 The most important thing that all traders should have in 
their arsenal is a strategy with an edge. 
 
“What’s an edge?” 
 
 An edge means that your desired outcome has more than 
a 50% chance of happening in a given scenario. If you’d like 
to copy my edge, go ahead. Before taking a trade, find 
multiple reasons to support the decision. If you don’t have 
more than 3, then don’t take it.  Yep, that simple.  

 
63 
Understanding What to Ignore 
 
 Have you ever had an occurrence where you have so 
many setups that makes you end up as a confused mess? 
 
No? Close this book now and go away 
 
Yes? Okay let’s work on it 
 
 Most traders lose money because they have no idea what 
to prioritise. No idea what to focus on. No idea how to know 
if a setup will break.Based on my personal experience, the 
best way to determine if your bearish/bullish setup has a 
probability of breaking is if the higher timeframe has made  
 
1. Structure Breakout 
2. A high confluence setup that caused a sharp movement 
in the opposite direction of your setup 
 
 Wait, that simple? Yep. I hold on to the belief that price 
action is fractal and all the smaller timeframes are used to help 
the bigger ones move. Just like Santa and his elves. 
 
More of this shall be explained in the later chapters 

 
64 
 
The Trade Exit System 
  
 Good. I will now assume that you now have a clear 
system to enter. Let’s talk about exiting trades next. Let’s 
imagine a few scenarios for you now 
 
 
SCENARIO ONE (IN PROFIT): 
 
 
 You’ve taken a trade, and it’s in profit. A cool 50 pips 
and you’re just here chilling and enjoying how the trade is 
going. A part of your mind says to hold until 100 pips, while 
another says to set it to breakeven and just enjoy the rest of 
the day. You set your take profit at 100 pips then move your 
stop loss to breakeven. All of a sudden, price moves towards 
your breakeven, and you decide to change the plan by 
adjusting your stop loss to -30 pips. You then end up in a loss. 
Silly you. 
 
 

 
65 
 
 
WHAT YOU COULD HAVE DONE: 
 
 Before entering the trade, determine what you’re 
playing as first. Will it be a scalp trade, an intraday trade, a 
multi day trade, or a swing? Depending on the setup, change 
your stop loss and take profit to accommodate your trade 
length. Set a rule, for example, if price breaks level x, 
immediately set a breakeven and let it hit your take profit if 
it hits. My personal way to manage winners that totally 
changed my way of trading and increased my profitability is… 
 
PLAYING IT DEFENSIVE 
 
 How I’d do it is pretty darn simple but increases the 
odds of you winning to a maximum. If I’m in losses, I will 
focus on recovering that loss. Even if it means early take 
profits. Once that loss has been recovered, i tend to set my 
trade at breakeven even if it moved around 20 pips. I like my 
trades risk free. This way, my profits are either 0 pips or my 
desired take profit. Which is awesome. Try it out! 
 
 

 
66 
 
SCENARIO TWO (IN LOSS): 
 
 You’ve entered a trade, and now you’re PnL is in the 
negatives. Obviously, it’s not a sight that you like, but it’s 
simply just another outcome in the grand scheme of things. 
You set your stop loss to -30 pips and now your trade is at -
29. You think to yourself, “Maybe I need to increase my stop 
loss, I am confident in this trade”. The stop loss is then 
increased to -50 pips and then -60 pips. The cycle constantly 
repeats until you got stopped out from your broker/prop 
firm. After getting stopped out, you look back at the charts 
and find one trade you didn’t take and it ended up in a 100 
pip profit. You start questioning if it is all worth it. 
 
 
 This is the horror stories traders face everyday 
 
These are our battles. 
 
But you’d be surprised to know that there is the most simple 
solution to defeat this bad habit 
 
 

 
67 
WHAT YOU COULD HAVE DONE: 
 
Ready for the dumbest solution to help you go from 0 to 1?  
 
RESPECT YOUR PLAN. 
 
If your stop loss was -30 pips, we can assume that 30 pips 
is one life. Think of trading like a Pac-Man Game or whatever 
you grew up playing. 30 pips is one life. One trade loss. If you 
were to change and adjust your stop loss every single time you 
trade, to 50 pips or 60 pips, you’ll need to cover that up with 
more lives instead of 1.  
 
If you’re constantly risking the same percentage in every 
trade, you’ll start to see trading as simply just a numbers game 
and if your knowledge and technique is good enough 
eventually things will fall into place and you can be 
profitable. Really simple tweaks. 
 
Another note to add is that, my personal emotional 
barrier breaks when i have more than 3 losses in a row. 
When that happens, i take my time off the charts, and just 
mark my setups. If they continuously work, it helps me 
regain my confidence, and then i slowly jump back in. 

 
68 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Good trade management requires immaculate self 
management 
 
It was always You VS You 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
69 
 
The Art of Journalling 
 Let’s start off with a story about one of the greatest 
conquerors of all time ; The Caesar of Ancient Rome, 
Marcus Aurelius. 
 
 The Caesar was tasked with a significant amount of 
power from a very young age (18 years old). Naturally, power 
corrupts, power entices and power reveals what’s hidden 
underneath a human. He understood this despite being 
extremely young and decided he nee ded a way to lead with 
the utmost accountability and to avoid arrogance as the 
Caesar at all costs. This is how his personal journal, 
“Meditations” came into the world. Meditations was not 
meant to read by anyone other than himself, however after 
his death , his personal journal was leaked to the general 
public and what was inside gave such intimate insight into 
his life and allowed philosophers to understand him better 
than ever before. 
 
 As the Caesar, he focused on quite a few things. But one 
pillar that was the theme of the entire journal was: 
 

 
70 
“Accountability and Constant Learning” 
 I’m a bit of a Marcus Aurelius nerd, and was always in 
awe of what he achieved throughout his well -lived life. I 
mean, who wouldn’t be a fan of a gentleman that defended 
his nation from a full -on barbarian invasion, managed 
millions of citizens during the Antonine Plague and all this 
while maintaining a brotherly bond with his Co -Emperor, 
Lucius Vertus. Not only did he manage that, bu t he was also 
able to stay stoic, calm and calculated throughout his ordeals. 
I’d like to credit journaling for his feats as there is no other 
better and simpler way to achieve such success without deep 
and constant introspection.  
 
A few guiding principles that were clear in his personal 
journals were: 
 
1. Humility and Restraint in Using Power 
2. Clarity Even Under Pressure 
3. Balancing Justice and Mercy 
4. Enduring Loss Without Losing Himself 
5. Leaving a Legacy of Virtue 
 
Have you started journaling? 
And if you have, what are your main points? 

 
71 
Journaling as a Trader 
 
 Now that you’re well aware of how journaling shaped 
one of the best humans to ever walk the face of Earth, let’s 
start exploring how we can use it to conquer the seemingly 
impossible skill of trading.  
 
In order to grow as a trader, you’ll need to grow as a 
person. And what better way is there to grow as a person than 
to be totally aware of your own habits and hesitations. 
 
Within this chapter, I’ll share with you the journalling 
habits that helped me identify my weak points and allowed 
me to turn them into strengths. I would also like to show you 
the way to journal that allows you to maximise your strengths 
into the highest echelon possible.  
 
 
“What isn’t measured, isn’t managed” 
 
 
 
 
 

 
72 
HOW TO JOURNAL: 
 
1. Type of Trade (BUY/SELL) 
2. Expected Length of Trade (SCALP/INTRA/SWING) 
3. Reason for Trade (CONFLUENCES) 
4. Feelings Before Trade (BE HONEST) 
5. Outcome of Trade (PROFIT/LOSS) 
6. Reason for Trade Closure  (TP/SL/BE) 
7. Feelings after Trade (BE HONEST) 
8. How to improve (TECHNICAL/HUMAN/CONTINUE) 
 
 
I urge everyone reading this to start making proper 
tables in their phone or anything that can be written on and 
start journaling. Once you have a nice journal, you’ll start to 
see repetitive patterns in the market and also within yourself. 
And once you se e those patterns, you should know what to 
do ;) 
 
 
THE SHORTCUT TO SUCCESS IS SELF 
AWARENESS 
 
 

 
73 
Let me explain to you the logic behind each parameter I 
have set for you to journal throughout your journey. Bear in 
mind, I used this during the time I was optimising my models 
that I currently use. 
 
1. Type of Trade 
 
 You can only Buy or Sell. It’s very important to take note 
of what type of order you have placed. It totally helps with 
understanding how your win rate differs when you’re in a 
different type of trade. Let’s say after you follow your system, 
you realise t hat your buy trades generate much more profit 
than your sell trades, therefore your model is more optimised 
to buy rather than to sell in a longer period of time. This is 
one of the many observations that you can make after an 
extended period of journaling. 
 
2. Expected Length of Trade 
 
 Record how long you were supposed to hold that 
specific trade you took. You’ll find that the win rate  and 
profitability of your system will vary depending on how long 
you intend to hold. You will also find that it isn’t everyday 
that the market provides you with long runners. Once you 

 
74 
have this part of your recording done and dusted, you can 
start to approach the market with confidence as you now 
understand the general expectation of a setup you will take 
after predicting a duration of which your trade is meant to be 
held. DIAMOND HANDS BABY! 
 
3. Reason For Trade 
  
 Trading is a personal endeavour. I can go on and on 
about how much money I’ve made trading using a specific 
entry model and teach you A -Z but somehow, you’ll end up 
with varying results. Understanding a clear reason behind 
each and every trade you take is extremely important in the 
grand scale of things as it tests whether or not you are staying 
disciplined in using your technique the way it is meant to be 
used. Let’s say that after recording 30 trades, you start 
realising a certain confluence was not ther e during your 
trades that you lost. This will give you ideas on where you 
should start tweaking your trading models and adjusting 
where necessary. This is quite literally the shortcut to a 
holistic understanding of your technique and how to truly 
use it with the proper edge you were hoping for 
 
 

 
75 
4. Feelings Before Trade 
  
Call me crazy but I have had bad experiences taking 
trades after going through a rough day. Heck, it might be that 
your wife is causing a scene, your cat scratched you favourite 
sofa, your car wasn’t able to start or simply you just weren’t 
feeling it that day. All of this contributes to how well you 
analyse the market. Personally, i perform much better when 
I’ve had a proper meal and a good refreshing shower. 
Understanding these personal triggers allows you to be able 
to manage yourself accordingly to (hopefully) give your best 
performance when dancing with the market. If you research 
the world’s top athletes, yo u’ll find that a good chun k of 
them have pre -game-rituals. Maybe one of the reasons you 
haven’t made it yet is because you don’t have one yet? 
 
5. Outcome of Trade 
 
 Yep. Not going to explain this one. Write down if it 
went in your way or did not. 
 
 
 
 

 
76 
6. Reason for Trade Closure 
 
 There are only 3 ways for you to close a trade, and those 
are Stop loss, Take Profit or Breakeven. Yea, we have Stop 
Out and Margin Call but I would like to categorise that as 
Stop loss. For every outcome of the trade, you can collect very 
valuable data to help you improve. For example, when you 
put a stop loss at 10 pips, the market tends to take it then 
move in your desired direction. This ind icates that you need 
to expand your stop loss or simply stop taking certain 
opportunities. Analyse every breakeven trade that happened 
to you and why it returned to your entry point. Most of the 
time, there is a pattern that you can leverage so your trade 
does not hit breakeven as often. For example, waiting for a 
clear breakout to happen before moving your stop loss  to 
breakeven. Of course, another metric of measurement would 
be the take profit. Don’t just learn from your losing trades, 
learn from your winning ones as well. A lot of valuable data 
can be gained if you start understanding the patterns behind 
the trades you won. And once you see that pattern, leverage 
it! 
 
 
 

 
77 
7. Feelings After Trade 
 
 This part is honestly the worst, because you can’t lie to 
yourself. You’re going to have to write exactly how you feel, 
and write your future self a little note. Since the only way for 
you to be successful in this craft is by being totally honest 
with yourself, you cannot lie in this section. If you feel like 
giving up, just write that down. My journal is full of stuff 
like, “dammmmmit i gotta give this up”, “hey i kinda feel like 
i own the markets today”, “meh. Just another trade.”, “Well 
that setup was bound to fail in the first place”. After a while 
of total honesty with yourself, you’ll start to see more 
patterns in your emotional behaviour and how it affects your 
trading performance.  The goal of it all is not to eliminate 
emotion, but rather, to manage them like a wise man. You’ll 
begin to realise that the more trades you take, the easier it is 
for you to become unphased with the emotional hurricanes 
that trading brings forth. Get after it! 
 

 
78 
8. How To Improve 
 
 Like I’ve explained before, losses are due to only 2 
reasons. Human error, which is totally avoidable and can be 
improved upon and the other is Technical Error, which can 
only be improved via tweaking your system.  While i do 
recommend tweaking your system every no w and then to 
help tackle certain weaknesses, there needs to be a limit. If 
you’re constantly changing the way you use a system, you will 
never be able to trade properly. You’ll be stuck in this death 
loop of constantly finding better ways to tra de and coming 
out the other end clueless. So make it clear in your journal 
when you lose a trade if it was a technical loss or a human loss. 
And immediately give yourself tips to reduce human loss. In 
a technical loss, simply put this “Good job, you followed your 
system.”. Treat a technical loss the same way you would treat 
a profitable trade. Because both are the results of following 
your system without any compromises 
 

 
79 
Journal Example: 
 
Type of Trade BUY SELL 
Expected Trade 
Length 
Swing Scalp 
Trade Reason H1 Entry with 
H4 Direction 
M15 Entry 
without M30 
Direction 
Feelings Before I’m ok. Nervous 
Trade Outcome Win BE 
Reason For 
Closure 
Hit TP 1:1 Trade went up 30 
pips and I set 
Breakeven at entry 
point. It hit 
Feelings After Happy, but 
remain steadfast 
I am ok. But wish 
I just held 
Improvement Stick to same strat Grow a pair and 
hold a little 
 

 
80 
Filtering The B******t 
Anyone who has a good mastery of any craft has some kind 
of secret sauce. This just happens to be mine. 
 
 
Not many truly understand the art of building a system. 
Most just jump into the market with whatever they’ve 
learned from a Youtube Video hoping for consistent profits. 
That won’t work. Let’s restructure and build together. 
 

 
81 
 
 
 
 
 
Everyone keeps on saying 
“To make money in the market you’ll need a good system” 
 
But what defines a good system? 
How do you find it? 
 
But most importantly, 
How do you make it? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
82 
Find What Works 
 
 Let’s start with the fun stuff. Defining what works. 
With the knowledge that you currently have, do a ton of 
backtesting, and find every scenario that has made money. 
Put them somewhere in a folder so you can begin researching 
them deeply. 
 
 Have you found them? Good. Now find a pattern 
between each one. There must be one. There always is one.  
Then find the ones that don’t have much of a pattern 
between them. Record those as well. They’ll be of very good 
use as we move forward. 
 
Finding What Does Not Work 
 
 Find setups that have been violated. A true trader 
embraces the fact that not all his trades will work perfectly 
and can manage risk and expectations depending on market 
scenarios.  
 

 
83 
Once you have found these setups, again, start finding 
patterns that connect between them. Similarly to the setups 
that work, setups that don’t work also usually have a pattern. 
Use your intuition and find them. What is intuition? It is the 
gut feeling that comes after unreal amounts of data collection 
and hardwork. A little hint I’d like to give is that usually 
setups get violated when a higher timeframe direction is not 
within agreement. Remember, price is fractal and you cannot 
disregard larger, stronger timeframes. 
 
Finding What is Consistent 
 
Now this is a fun one. I repeatedly mentioned “find 
patterns” and now this is where you connect them altogether. 
The things that consistently work can be put into the Golden 
Zone while the things that consistently don’t work can be put 
into the Hades Zone.  I’ll give you a damn good example on 
how to determine what is “consistent”. You see that if you 
enter on an M5 setup that does not agree with a H4 direction 
bias, it can still work. But over  longer period of time, It is 
NOT consistent. But what is consis tent is if you enter on an 
M5 setup when timeframes agree with each other. A good 

 
84 
chunk of the time, you’ll be right and you’ll make money. 
Some things work, but are consistent. And you’ll have to 
learn to identify that. Some things don’t work, when certain 
conditions arise. And you’ll have to learn to identify those 
specific conditions to start developing your edge. 
 
Golden Zone 
 
 This is the overlapping area of the “Works” and 
“Consistent” Venn diagrams. Now that you’ve totally 
understood what works consistently, you can start building a 
proper system and structure yourself around that. This is 
your working area. Clearly define your rules around these 
specific conditions. Because if you take any trades that do not 
fulfil the conditions you have set in the Golden Zone, odds 
are, the trade will likely fail.  
 
 If you’re meticulous enough in your data collection, 
You’ll only need to define the Golden Zone once and never 
change it. The funny thing about messing with your trading 
system is that, if you change one variable, you’ll need to tweak 
3 other parameters. If you are comfortable with the way your 

 
85 
system already works, i would recommend you to just stick 
with it. Most traders fall into the trap of wanting a 100% win 
rate and this puts them in the spiral of wanting to constantly 
change their technique and Golden Zone. Where will this 
lead you? Absolutely nowhere. Because no strategy is right 
100% of the time. But a lot of the time? Very possible. The 
Golden Zone is your edge. Stick to it. 
 
Hades Zone 
 
 The Hades Zone is the embodiment of everything you 
need to avoid as trader. The overlap of what does not work 
and is consistent. It is not enough that you know what works 
consistently. But you must also clearly define when your 
system has a VERY LOW win rate. For example, my personal 
strategy does not work phenomenally well during news time. 
So i tend to avoid taking any trades 30 mins before or 30 mins 
after the release of the data for NFP, FOMC, CPI, PPI, yeah 
you get the drift. 
 
 Identifying the Hades Zone in your trading can 
massively help you filter out the crap from the gold when 

 
86 
you’re participating in market shenanigans. Remember this, 
“The only way to know what to focus on is to know what you 
should avoid” For example, my personal rule is that a trade 
should have at least 3 confluences to if i wish to take it. First, 
an agreemen t with the higher timeframe bias, Second a 
breakout has happened, Third, smaller timeframes are giving 
a nicely spaced setup. My Hades Zone states that without 
these 3 confluences, my trades are likely to fail. Clearly 
outlining this helps you totally ignore low probability setups 
and can help with much clearer decision making. 
 
Inconsistent 
 
 If you see a trade that sometimes works and sometimes 
does not, and you’re not totally sure where to put them as 
they do not have much explanation behind them, simply 
categorise these into “Inconsistent”. Researching them is a 
waste of time. We only want setups that have logical patterns 
behind them to remove the luck aspect from our trades. 
 
 

 
87 
 
 
 
 
Section 4:  
The Art of T 
 
 
 
 
 

 
88 
My Way. 
 
 
I personally believe that the naked chart is always the best. 
 
 
If you want to trade this way,  
 
 
You’re in for a treat 
 
 
 
The best things are almost always hidden in plain sight  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
89 
  My personal way of trading only involves 4 different 
types of setups and multiple confluences be it a trendline or 
a little something extra. And for as long as i can remember, 
most market movements usually just come from these 4 
levels. You might think t hat this is recycled garbage from 
Youtube, but I kid you not, I started using these way before 
they were even popular. I was shocked at how so many traders 
in my DMs came asking me if I used any smart money 
concepts or anything liquidity related. Unfortuna tely, i do 
not. My style is very pattern based and simple. In most of my 
endeavours in life, I usually find some okay success, 
Alhamdulillah. And I think it mainly boils down to the 
principle i set for myself: 
 
KISS 
(Keep It Simple, Stupid) 
 
I believe that if it’s complicated, it won’t work. 
And if it does, it won’t work for a long period of time. 
 
 In trading, you need a good balance of simplicity and 
complexity. And i may have found the sweet spot 

 
90 
The Classic 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Let your setups breathe 
A miss is always important 
 
Miss 

 
91 
Real Chart Example 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
92 
The Breakout 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A classic that got broken out 
With a miss before and after. 
Beautiful 
 
 

 
93 
Real Chart Example 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
94 
The HNS (Head and Shoulders) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
When used correctly, 
This thing can signal the start of a lot of swing setups 
 
 

 
95 
Real Chart Example 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
96 
The Gap 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The middle thing between two same coloured candles can 
be used as a support or resistance. 
DON’T overcomplicate it 

 
97 
Real Chart Example 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
98 
 These are the most basic of setups. I believe that most of 
the market movements are caused by these patterns. Some 
call it liquidity, supply and demand zones or various other 
names. But reality is, they’re just chart patterns and people 
are just trying to give them fancy names  and overcomplicate 
them.  
 
If you know me well enough, you know that i can 
leverage almost any market condition. That is because i am 
flexible when it comes to interchanging with my setups. 
React, don’t predict. Take what the market gives, and don’t 
ask for more. Hold when the market allows you to, buy or sell 
only when the market clearly allows it. Learning to wait as a 
trader can do you wonders.  
 
 
 Don’t believe you only need 4 types of setups to flow 
with the market? See the next example. 
 
 
 
 

 
99 
Real Chart Examples: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Guess the setups 

 
100 
Real Chart Examples: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
See it better now? 

 
101 
 Now that you’ve seen these levels, you basically have a 
good baseline on how I trade. This is the ultimate basics and 
you’ll need to do a LOT of repetition to start getting familiar 
with these setups. I think I might know what is running 
through your head right now.  
 
“I see these levels and they clearly work. But a lot of these 
levels are ignored. How d o I find the ones that can work 
consistently?” 
 
 If this is going through your head, good. It means that 
you’re thinking and not simply just pretending to 
understand. 
 
As you read further throughout this book, the answers 
should slowly appear. Enjoy 
 
 
 
 
 

 
102 
In my opinion, any good style of trading should have these 
for it to be complete. 
 
1. Long Term Direction 
2. Confirmation 
3. Level Filtering (What to Ignore and Focus on) 
4. Adjustable Stop Loss 
5. Adjustable Take Profit 
 
Each of these components interact with each other like 
cogs in a grand machine. Without one, the other would fall 
apart and the entire machine would inevitably fail. Trading 
should not be treated as rocket science, simply because it 
isn’t. Your style does not need to be super advanced for you 
to make eye-watering amounts of money. Rather, it just has 
to be very effective, concise and easy to follow. I’ve explained 
parts of this earlier in this book, but let’s go on a deeper dive 
together now. 
 
If your style is complicated, then it’s wrong 
 
 

 
103 
Long Term Direction 
 
Big moves the big 
 
Small follows the big 
 
Big cannot move without small. 
 
 Imagine the market like this colony of ants, all 
following the direction of the queen ant. Whatever the queen 
says, the workers will follow. But if the workers decide to one 
day turn on the queen ant, now she is useless and can no 
longer order. And let’s say the queen ant is now challenged 
by another queen ( I don’t know if queen ants fight, this is 
just an analogy), then now the queen that wins the fight will 
be followed by the worker ants. This is quite literally how I 
see the market and how i think it wo rks. This alone has 
helped me generate a clear understanding of what the market 
could do next and has helped me structure myself to react 
accordingly. 
 
 

 
104 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Price always moves from point A to B 
It always has a destination 
 
 

 
105 
 I believe that the market moves in cycles. It goes from 
timeframe to timeframe, each completing its own cycle. 
 
For example, 
 
Movements from Daily Levels will finish at another Daily Level 
 
Movements from H4 Levels will finish at another H4 Level 
 
Movements from H1 Levels will finish at another H1 Level 
 
 
 A queen ant can only be stopped by another queen ant of 
her size. She cannot be stopped by a simple worker ant. It simply 
isn’t possible. However, if a guard approaches her and she 
convinces her well enough…. She might change her mind. What 
do i mean by this? I mean to say that something slightly smaller 
than the biggest authority can move price in a different way. We 
call this, Roadblock Areas. 
 
 
 
 

 
106 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Journeys aren’t always smooth. 
Beware of bumps. 
 
 

 
107 
 Real Chart Example: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
H4 Level to H4 Level 

 
108 
 
Price bouncing from H1 Level to H1 Level 
On its way to the H4 Level 

 
109 
Price truly is a funny thing. It seems almost impossible to 
decode, until you start viewing it as a fractal object. 
Remember my first analogy about ants? WORKERS 
MOVE THE QUEEN. Remember my second analogy? 
THE QUEEN CAN BE CONVINCED. 
 
 
Daily flows can be blocked by H4. 
 
H4 flows can be blocked by H1 
 
H1 flows can be blocked by M30 
 
You know the drill. 
 
 
During real practice, mark your levels according to 
different timeframes and watch how each of them react. 
You’d be surprised to see how levels on specific timeframes 
interact with each other. Observe and enjoy. 
 
 

 
110 
Confirmation 
 
 Let’s talk about how to know if a price journey has 
started. I believe that the market communicates in breakouts 
and closing price. It quite literally is the foundation of every 
movement that occurs. Within every long term movement, a 
breakout will always occur. Here’s an analogy, going back to 
ants. If the queen decides to move in a certain direction, she 
won’t be communicating to the worker ants directly. Rather, 
she will talk to one of her commanders to fulfil her wishes 
and order the workers. If the commander does not agree with 
the queen’s orders, the workers wont receive them, and hence 
they won’t move. 
 
Price will only move when it can. 
 
It has to break ‘gates’ to get to a destination. 
 
What are these gates?  
 
And why are they important? 
 

 
111 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A view of the lower timeframe, at a higher timeframe area 
 
A break of a lower timeframe support on a higher 
timeframe resistance area is CONFIRMATION 
 
This happens everyday. 

 
112 
Here’s an example on the real chart 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
H4 Breakout Level Touched 

 
113 
 
 
M15 Breakout of Decision Level 
(We now have a confirmation) 

 
114 
 
M15 Gap Entry 
(Take the buy with confidence) 

 
115 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Harmony of Timeframes 
 
Can you hear the music? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
116 
I know what you’re thinking, 
 
What is the blue line? 
 
What is the red line? 
 
The blue line is a higher timeframe level. It could be 
any timeframe you wish. 
 
The red line is a small timeframe structure that was 
created right before it touched the higher timeframe level. I 
like to call this a decision level. This level determines if the 
movement is ‘valid’. Imagine the market is a car that wants 
to go to a certain destination. This is the confirmation that 
it has enough fuel and is most likely able to reach it! 
 
Using multiple timeframes for entries is an art that 
takes a lot of time to perfect. But once you can start to piece 
that together, you might start feeling a sense of control and 
power you wouldn’t be able to imagine. 
 
 

 
117 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clear path given? 
 
Step on the pedal. 
 
Reach that destination 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
118 
 
Filtering Levels 
 
As I’ve told in the previous section, 
 
A very reliable way to determine ‘good’ levels is… 
 
CONFLUENCE. 
 
 I believe that the market is attracted to beauty. Aesthetic 
beauty. As bogus as it sounds, this is what I’ve observed. If a 
setup is undeniably beautiful, has multiple reasons to take it, 
and is on the right timeframe, it has a good probability of 
working out. Here’s another analogy, imagine if you eat well, 
sleep well and train well. Odds are, if you keep doing this, you 
can live a long healthy life… unless you get cancer. Again, my 
analogies might seem out of pocket but that’s how I think 
about the market. If the level seems right, and it aligns with 
multiple narratives, just risk your money on it and set a good 
stop loss and take profit. Trust it and just let it play out. It’s 
that simple 
 

 
119 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trading is more like an art 
 
The art of educated gambling. Haha 
 
 
 

 
120 
Here’s an example on the real chart 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
H4 Classic Level 

 
121 
 
 
 
H1 Trendline as a Confluence 

 
122 
 
Candle Closes below M15 Gap Level. 
Entry with confidence 

 
123 
Having multiple confluences help with making educated 
guesses. 
 
As trader, all we do is make educated guesses for a living. 
 
What are the confluences in the diagram i just showed you? 
 
1. A level from a higher timeframe. Perhaps H4. 
2. A trendline that leads up to the level. 
3. Price touched the level, and made a breakout on the 
decision level. 
4. Price retested the decision level and the wick of the 
candle rejected it. 
Conclusion: IGNORE all buy levels. Focus on selling 
 
 I’m not here to educate you on my system, as it would 
be hard to put it into a book, but I’m here to help you 
understand how to make your own system. And what I’ve 
shown so far is that to make a successful working system, you 
need to make sure that multip le biases are in your favor 
before executing. Observe the market without judgement. 
Let it guide you instead. Most traders nowadays think they’re 

 
124 
some sort of wizard that can predict the future. Most who 
think that way will usually get humbled by the market in the 
long run. This is because the reality is that the market has a 
degree of randomness. Most predictions are usually flawed. 
However, if you  are able to create a system that involves 
monitoring the overall ‘mood’ of the market, you might be 
well on your way to success.  
 
Never risk your money blindly. It just isn’t the way. As 
Tradingview always says, look before you leap! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
125 
First Entry (Blue Box) 
 This is called the First Entry, or what most people call a 
high-risk entry. An immediate touch of a level with a nicely 
placed trendline is already good enough for you to be 
confident with a trade. The thing about these entries is that 
they are very high RR as if you get them, you get the very tip 
of the movement. The only time I take first entries is when 
my account is already a bit deep in profit. So if I lose out on 
this, I would not mind as much 
 
Grey Box (Second Entry) 
 The Second entry comes from a lower timeframe after a 
breakout happens. A confirmation. This is very reliable when 
it comes to win rate, as these setups come after a trend is ready 
to move. Very simple. Very reliable. 
 
 
Breakout – Pullback – Entry 
 
And that’s basically it! 
 
 

 
126 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If all roads point to one destination, 
 
Then only you follow it. 
 
REACT, don’t PREDICT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
127 
 
 
 
 
 “Wait, did I just see a trendline? What is this sorcery?” 
Okay, let me explain for you. I use trendlines all the time, but 
not in ways you’d expect. I see everywhere people claim that 
trendlines are useless and fugazi, but I would like to humbly 
disagree. I believe trendlines are a very important tool in 
determining if a level is good for use. They are the absolute 
best confluence for you to use. I love them. 
 
I’d like to teach you two trendlines that can hopefully help 
you in your trading journey 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
128 
Trendline Type 1: 
 
This is a sell version. 
To buy, just flip it around. 
 
Enter at third touch. 
 

 
129 
Real Chart Example: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Be sure to draw Point 1 and 2 at the closing price! 

 
130 
Trendline Type 2: 
 
 
A Type 1 that simply got broken out. 
 
 
 
 

 
131 
Real Chart Example: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
See, not that hard right? 

 
132 
  
 
 
 
 Trendlines are one of those things that feel random but 
are not. My key component to trendlines is making sure that 
its third touch appears close by to a level. Be it classic, hns or 
a breakout level. What I’ve observed is that they don’t work 
as well when combined with a gap.   
 
 Always draw a trendline using the closing price of a 
candle. Never pull point 1 and 2 using a shadow. In my 
opinion, these are not consistent and may cause confusion. 
 
One is not complete without the other. Be sure to always have 
multiple confluences when taking any trade. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
133 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The best part about this all? 
It happens almost EVERY DAY 
 
Just mix and match timeframes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
134 
Adjustable Stop Loss and Take Profit 
 
 Always remember to adjust your risk according to your 
setups. You cannot treat every setup the same way, just like 
how you cannot treat each one of your children the same. 
Each timeframe has its own characteristics, strengths and 
weaknesses therefore you must leverage them accordingly. 
For example, an M15 setup will have a much smaller stop loss 
than a H4 setup. And a H4 setup should have a larger take 
profit than an M15 setup. Vice versa. 
 
 Every person that has come into contact with me 
regarding trading has been told the same thing: 
 
“Let your setups breathe” 
 
 The breathing room required for each timeframe is 
different. And that’s just how it is. In this section, let’s do a 
dive on how to set stop losses and take profits in an efficient 
way. 
 
 

 
135 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Same thing, just on a different scale 

 
136 
 
It is not that your setups do not work, 
 
Rather, 
 
It is because you do not let them, 
 
BREATHE 
 
But how would you know if enough room is… enough? 
 
 
 Here’s an example, what if I treated every setup the same 
and decided to put 30 pips stop loss on everything. More 
often than not, every time i decide to take a H4 setup, most 
of my trades will hit stop loss before the move even starts. But 
if i trade the M15, I would be profitable. This is why I think 
lot of traders tend to focus on only one timeframe for the rest 
of their life thinking that all other timeframes do not make 
sense. I was in this group of traders at one point in my career 
as I only traded the smaller timeframes and refused to see the 
bigger ones because I was scared of hitting stop losses. Like I 

 
137 
said, fear can be mitigated with data. And it took me years to 
finally understand that the higher timeframes can be traded 
the exact same way as the smaller timeframes. But just with a 
more generous stop loss and take profit! 
 
 I love swinging trades. It makes me happy when I see my 
trades just flying across the chart. How do I find them? Well, 
the answer is actually very very simple. Just find a good setup 
on a larger timeframe! Again, price is fractal and a “swing 
trade” is simply just a Daily setup reaching a take profit and 
a “day trade” n M30 setup reaching a take profit. D o not 
identify yourself as a stereotype, i.e. swinger, daytrader, 
scalper, rather follow what the market gives you and react 
accordingly. If the market allows you to swing, then swing. If 
the market only allows you to hold for a few hours, then do 
just that. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
138 
 I feel like nowadays trading feels like a lost art. 
Something is just missing when it comes to teaching traders 
how to be a holistic trader. Everyone just seems like a one -
trick pony. In my personal experiences, the best traders i 
know use multiple timefr ames to create their views on the 
market. And that’s what i think most traders lack.  
 
The art of using timeframes 
 
 If more traders knew how to balance this, a lot more 
people would be profitable and happier in the market, and 
trading would not just feel like this boring process. While it 
is true that good trading is boring trading, would you want 
to spend your entire career as a trader doing just one thing 
and never truly enjoying the market as it should be? It would 
be a shame if you said yes. 
 
 Just a question, would it be necessary for a trader to take 
profit after a few hours just because they took the trade on 
the M30? What if i told you that you could swing a trade for 
much much longer even if you used this timeframe? Would 
you believe me? B efore I answer this, I’d like to repeat that 

 
139 
price is fractal and whatever happens on the lower 
timeframes happens on the higher timeframes, vice versa. In 
the start of this chapter, I explained about long term 
direction. The only way for an M30 setup to be a swing trade 
would be if it FOLLOWS a higher timeframe flow. And 
that’s just it. Don’t be so rigid. Allow yourself to explore the 
beauty of the market. 
 
The best setups occur when the smaller timeframes 
“agree” with the larger timeframes. This is where you’ll find 
your edge in the market.   
 
 Let me show you how to use timeframes in an awesome 
manner. This combines the timeframes, Daily and M30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
140 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voila. When a smaller timeframe ‘agrees’ with the higher 
timeframe 
 
And that’s how you swing using M30. 
 
Do some backtesting and you’ll find that you can use this in 
so many different timeframe combos 

 
141 
Real Chart Example: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Daily Gap 

 
142 
 
 
 
M30 Decision Level Breakout 

 
143 
 
M30 HNS Entry 

 
144 
 
400+ Pips and counting 

 
145 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Follow the flow, 
 
Until it follows you 
 
In this case, rode a Daily flow using M30! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
146 
My personal way to use timeframes: 
 
Weekly, Daily - Long Term Direction 
I don’t use these timeframes often and i NEVER use them to 
take entries. These two are mainly to see if i can do a long 
swing trade or if I should stick with just a healthy take profit 
level. 
 
H4 - My Everything 
Not all timeframes are created equal, and i believe that H4 
rules them all. In order for a long swing to happen, H4 levels 
must break after price touches the Weekly/Daily Level. In 
order to Day Trade, if your setup aligns with a H4 direction, 
more often, t he trade should end up in profit. I love this 
timeframe and I check it multiple times a day 
 
H1, M30, M15 - Finding Entries 
Most of my entries come from these timeframes. They are the 
most reliable entry timeframes no matter what mode you’re 
in. A breakout happens in these timeframes after touching a 
higher timeframe level? Pullback and take an entry at a high 
confluence level. Easy. 

 
147 
M5,M1 - Surgical Precision  
Some people say these timeframes are just noise. But i view 
these timeframes as opportunity machines. These two 
timeframes will almost ALWAYS punish you if you take 
them without considering direction in advance. But if you 
follow the direction with these timeframes? SWEET! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
148 
The Art of Data 
Collection 
 
 
 
Now that you are clear on what to look for, 
 
Let me help you collect data. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
149 
 I think another reason why most traders fail is because 
they lack the skill to collect data efficiently and effectively. 
They usually rely on familiarity or gut feeling to navigate the 
uncertainty of various market conditions. The thing is… the 
market cannot be predicted using mere gut feeling. While it 
is true that instinct is a key component in trading, it can only 
be used once you are TOTALLY FAMILIAR with your own 
technique. It is simply impossible to feel the market in its 
entirety. But it is totally possible to have a feel for your 
technique.  
 
 A few key points in your data collection process should 
include: 
 
1. Exact Photos Of Setups. 
2. Where Price Came From. 
3. Trade Outcome. 
 
If you’ve mapped out the problem, it is already 50% solved 
 
 
 

 
150 
Exact Photos of Setups 
 
 Self explanatory. You’ll need the discipline to really 
document the ‘valid setups’ in your eyes and put them in a 
nice folder. A good thing to note is that in order to be 
profitable, you need to make sure the technique you use 
stands the test of time. Sin ce the market is mainly reliant on 
human emotions, one thing stays true 
 
History Repeats Itself 
 
 Whatever has happened, should happen again. You can 
unlock the ability to somewhat perceive the future by looking 
to the past. And that’s the most beautiful thing about the 
market. What I would recommend is that you must collect at 
least 100 screenshots of the same exact setup. Let’s say you 
have 5 different types of setups, so you’ll need 500 different 
screenshots. Sounds hard? Nah. Just part of the process. This 
is actually why most trad ers take years to be profitable. It is 
because they don’t spend enou gh time familiarising 
themselves with their own setups by backtesting. Rather, 
they let 500 different setups happen in their front testing 

 
151 
instead. Which costs years of time. Skip the line and do the 
hardwork instead. Most people avoid it because they are 
losers. Are you one? 
 
Exercise : 
 Lock yourself in your room for a deep data collection 
session. Give yourself 4 hours of uninterrupted focus. Get a 
coffee and open Tradingview or Metatrader. Make sure you 
have a system ready to backtest on a piece of paper beside you 
and find those exact setups. Aim to find at least 30 setups per 
hour. 2 setups per minute. By the time you finish those good 
4 hours, you should be left with 120 screenshots of setups. 
Let’s say you have 5 different entry models and are want to 
thoroughly backtest each one. Y ou’ll need 500 screenshots 
each. Amounting to 2500. Since you should be able to collect 
a good 120 screenshots per hour, you’ll need just 20+ hours 
minimum to be totally familiar with how all your entry 
models look like. Ready to put in the work? 
 
 
 
 

 
152 
Where Price Came From 
 
 My personal belief is that the art of knowing if a level 
will hold depends on where price pushed from. An example 
would be that, if the bullish movement start because of a h4 
setup, obviously an M15 sell setup would fail. Simple logic. 
Each timeframe has its own ‘weight’ and of course the 
heaviest will win.  
 
Big smashes small 
 
 Have you ever seen a perfect setup form, and then get 
completely violated as if there was no setup there? After that 
happened, you’re left wondering “What else do i need? What 
did I not see?” Other than a possible news movement, it was 
definitely because you did not what truly pushed price. 
Remember, long term direction, bias, then find an entry. 
Never skip those steps.  
 
 
 
 

 
153 
Real Chart Example: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Price Pushing UP from Daily HNS 

 
154 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Because it was a DAILY move, all H1 levels break. 

 
155 
Exercise : 
If you’ve followed my first exercise, now you have tons 
of screenshots. I hope in each screenshot, you included 
multiple timeframes as well. Now let’s do some commentary 
for each screenshot. For example, “Setup was on M30, but 
price pushed from a classic H 4 Level”, “Breakout sell setup 
on M5, but not following higher timeframe bias” Decorate 
your screenshots with these kind of words. They cannot be 
just empty screenshots of just charts. Charts are not 
information. Words are. Explanations are. After a good while 
of data collecting, you should start seeing patterns. You start 
seeing that everything is starting to feel more and more 
predictable as time goes by. 
 
In the time where i was data collecting, i had over 2000 
screenshots of just market stuff. And it took me just a little 
over a few months to get it done. But here’s the thing, i wasn’t 
truly locked in at the time. But theoretically, you should be 
able to get it done in under a month. 
 
 
 

 
156 
Trade Outcome : 
 
 Duh.. Obviously. Now that you have all your 
parameters and screenshots done, let’s do some progress and 
win rate tracking. Remember, in order for a trader to be 
profitable, he/she must simply follow a system that is proven 
to be profitable in the long run and that’s just it. Like i 
explained in my previous chapters, the technical part is much 
simpler than the psychological part. You’ll need to record 
them based on several conditions 
 
1. Trade hit SL 
2. Trade Hit TP 1:1 
3. Trade Hit TP 1:Extended (Swing Setups) 
4. Trade Hit BE 
 
 I think that one of the hardest things to do in the data 
collection process is learning to be honest with yourself. Just 
be honest with the setups.  
 
 
 

 
157 
 After collecting all that data, find the percentage of 
times each trade meets each of those 4 criterias. Once you 
have those, now you can predict if a trade will hit stoploss 
even before you enter  (Put these things in the Hades Zone) . 
You can predict if it should just be a 1:1 RR Trade  (Golden 
Zone). You can now predict if the trade is good for a long 
swing hold position (also Golden Zone) . You can now learn 
to manage your breakevens better. And that, my dear reader, 
is as close to the holy grail as it gets . You are now mostly in 
control of yourself and constantly have a expected outcome! 
<3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
158 
 
 
 
 
Section 5: 
I Love You 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
159 
Finale 
(Motivation) 
 
So there you have it. A nice book laid out just for you.  
As a man who has spent most of his early adult as a trader, I 
want to say a few things ; The grind is the hardest thing I’ve 
ever done in my entire life. And I’ve done quite ahandful of 
difficult stuff! But the rewards from trading? By far the best 
I’ve ever experienced. I don’t want to promise you that after 
you read this book, you’ll immediately know how to totally 
trade in the market because this takes time. But what I can 
promise is that I am conf ident that you have can turn into a 
much better trader or person if you apply what I’ve written 
for you wholeheartedly. Remember, trading is hard not 
because it is a test of intelligence, rather it is a test of grit and 
heart. The ones who can stand up aft er being pushed by the 
market countless of times are usually the ones that win. All 
you have to do is stay alive long enough to make it work.  
 
 

 
160 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Thank you for reading, ladies and gentlemen. Before we 
depart from this wonderful journey we’ve shared, allow me 
to tell you a few things. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
161 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Good traders are not gifted. They just try more things 
than you, they are scientists in the market. Always trying 
out new things to see if they click, a lways choosing to 
not settle for less. They worked harder than you, have 
more data than you and want it more than you. Most 
success boils down to how much you want it. If you 
want it bad enough, then one day, usually a path out of 
nowhere appears and all you have to do is endure it. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
162 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Luck is not a deciding factor as a trader. Yes, it is true 
that you will never know the outcome of a trade until it 
runs. But understand that once you have a system in 
place, luck plays much less of a factor in your 
profitability. Most ‘lucky’ traders lose  everything once 
their luck has run out. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
163 
 
 
 
 
 
3. Most traders simply lack patience. Yes, it is true that to 
be a good trader, it requires years of effort. Years. Same 
like how doctors take years. Same like how architects 
take years. That is normal. Most success that comes 
before the 3 year mark is inconsistent. After 5 years, you 
should have a solid mindset, a solid strategy and a 
wonderful execution. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
164 
 
 
 
 
 
4. Trading is the best skill ever. If you want to go all in into 
a skill, trading is it. Freedom, time and lots of it. 
Sometimes so much that you have the time to start 
writing a 100 page book . (I wonder who that is) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
165 
 
 
 
 
 
5. Try it all. I mean it. Learn it all, Everything. Then only 
you can simpl ify. Go to the complex depths of trading 
and finally decide where you must prioritise based on 
your data and comfortability. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
166 
 
 
 
 
 
6. I believe in you. I’m rooting for you. I want you to win.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
167 
 
 
 
 
What’s Next? 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
168 
 
 
 
 
The House of T 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
169 
 
 
 
 
I believe in the power of an empowering community. 
I believe that my knowledge can help so many people. 
Especially when taught EXTRAORDINARILY well.  
This is for the ones who have spent years without much 
progress, wanting to find that little special push forward 
and even for total beginners looking to start in this 
trading world. I am building The House of T for you. An 
educational platform that many can afford to have. This 
is my way of starting a trading revolution. My way of 
lowering the bar of entry fo r anyone wanting to learn  
without sacrificing the quality of education. 
 
Viva La Revolution! 
We hope to welcome you inside during the launch. 
 
 
 
 

 
170 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
You’re invited to join the Email Newsletter or FREE 
and Stay Updated for the launch of The House Of T and 
any other T Programs 
 
 
Sign Up Here 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
171 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fin. 
 
 
Anyone want a Volume 2? 
 
 
 
